Yo, what is up guys? My name's Jason and
Yo, what is up guys? My name's Jason and in this video I'm going to be explaining
in this video I'm going to be explaining
in this video I'm going to be explaining exactly how this beast works. Okay, this
exactly how this beast works. Okay, this
exactly how this beast works. Okay, this is an AI automation that basically re
is an AI automation that basically re
is an AI automation that basically re does all my content research for me and
does all my content research for me and
does all my content research for me and basically can predict what it is that I
basically can predict what it is that I
basically can predict what it is that I will need to post and give me all the
will need to post and give me all the
will need to post and give me all the insights and data that I need to make
insights and data that I need to make
insights and data that I need to make informed decisions on what to post.
informed decisions on what to post.
informed decisions on what to post. Right? This works great because we're
Right? This works great because we're
Right? This works great because we're not guessing about what to post. we
not guessing about what to post. we
not guessing about what to post. we actually can see for a fact, you know,
actually can see for a fact, you know,
actually can see for a fact, you know, this is the data. This is what's
this is the data. This is what's
this is the data. This is what's performing well in my niche and like
performing well in my niche and like
performing well in my niche and like this is what I need to be focusing on,
this is what I need to be focusing on,
this is what I need to be focusing on, right? For example, I have scraped a
right? For example, I have scraped a
right? For example, I have scraped a couple people here.
couple people here.
couple people here. I've scraped all of my reels so I can
I've scraped all of my reels so I can
I've scraped all of my reels so I can see the entire transcript of my reels.
see the entire transcript of my reels.
see the entire transcript of my reels. uh the entire script, the hook, a p like
uh the entire script, the hook, a p like
uh the entire script, the hook, a p like a breakdown of the hook, the caption,
a breakdown of the hook, the caption,
a breakdown of the hook, the caption, the views, the likes, the comments, and
the views, the likes, the comments, and
the views, the likes, the comments, and the post date, right? So, we can see
the post date, right? So, we can see
the post date, right? So, we can see things like what's the best time to
things like what's the best time to
things like what's the best time to post, uh what are what's getting the
post, uh what are what's getting the
post, uh what are what's getting the best comment engagement, right? Uh which
best comment engagement, right? Uh which
best comment engagement, right? Uh which that is basically like conversion, like
that is basically like conversion, like
that is basically like conversion, like what is converting the best. Um and
what is converting the best. Um and
what is converting the best. Um and across the competitor data set, we can
across the competitor data set, we can
across the competitor data set, we can see that as well, right? And this is
see that as well, right? And this is
see that as well, right? And this is great because, you know, when we have a
great because, you know, when we have a
great because, you know, when we have a sheet like this full of data, we can
sheet like this full of data, we can
sheet like this full of data, we can just drop it into chat GBT and use that
just drop it into chat GBT and use that
just drop it into chat GBT and use that to come up with content ideas and stuff
to come up with content ideas and stuff
to come up with content ideas and stuff like that and learn more about our
like that and learn more about our
like that and learn more about our audience and learn more about, you know,
audience and learn more about, you know,
audience and learn more about, you know, what's working right now on social
what's working right now on social
what's working right now on social media. Uh, not only do you get a full
media. Uh, not only do you get a full
media. Uh, not only do you get a full entire sheet like this full of data, but
entire sheet like this full of data, but
entire sheet like this full of data, but you also get a report like this every
you also get a report like this every
you also get a report like this every single week.
single week.
single week. Hold on. You get a report like this
Hold on. You get a report like this
Hold on. You get a report like this every single week on autopilot,
every single week on autopilot,
every single week on autopilot, right? That's the thing about this
right? That's the thing about this
right? That's the thing about this automation is that it runs every Sunday
automation is that it runs every Sunday
automation is that it runs every Sunday at 3:00 a.m. So, literally while you're
at 3:00 a.m. So, literally while you're
at 3:00 a.m. So, literally while you're sleeping,
sleeping,
sleeping, you are doing content research, scraping
you are doing content research, scraping
you are doing content research, scraping all the data, and getting insights. And
all the data, and getting insights. And
all the data, and getting insights. And then you get a report like this on
then you get a report like this on
then you get a report like this on content showing you what are the top
content showing you what are the top
content showing you what are the top competitor videos, how many views, who's
competitor videos, how many views, who's
competitor videos, how many views, who's the creator, when was it posted, link to
the creator, when was it posted, link to
the creator, when was it posted, link to view the original post, why it worked,
view the original post, why it worked,
view the original post, why it worked, right? Blah blah blah. Winning patterns
right? Blah blah blah. Winning patterns
right? Blah blah blah. Winning patterns across the data set, right? So across
across the data set, right? So across
across the data set, right? So across the entire data set, what are we seeing
the entire data set, what are we seeing
the entire data set, what are we seeing are the winning patterns here? How can
are the winning patterns here? How can
are the winning patterns here? How can we use this in our own content? Right?
we use this in our own content? Right?
we use this in our own content? Right? And then it gives you hook ideas where
And then it gives you hook ideas where
And then it gives you hook ideas where it basically combines the competitor
it basically combines the competitor
it basically combines the competitor data set with your own reels to come up
data set with your own reels to come up
data set with your own reels to come up with new hooks for your uh
with new hooks for your uh
with new hooks for your uh Instagram, right?
Instagram, right?
Instagram, right? Cool. So many things you can do with
Cool. So many things you can do with
Cool. So many things you can do with this data. Not only do you get the
this data. Not only do you get the
this data. Not only do you get the report, but you get the sheet, which
report, but you get the sheet, which
report, but you get the sheet, which like I mentioned, you can drop that into
like I mentioned, you can drop that into
like I mentioned, you can drop that into chatbt.
chatbt.
chatbt. And guys, basically, this is basically
And guys, basically, this is basically
And guys, basically, this is basically AI automating. And I hate I hate to use
AI automating. And I hate I hate to use
AI automating. And I hate I hate to use this word. I hate to use this word, but
this word. I hate to use this word, but
this word. I hate to use this word, but it's basically replacing
it's basically replacing
it's basically replacing the job of content researchers, right?
the job of content researchers, right?
the job of content researchers, right? Previously, you used to have to hire VAS
Previously, you used to have to hire VAS
Previously, you used to have to hire VAS or you would have to research yourself
or you would have to research yourself
or you would have to research yourself and, you know, you'd hire people and put
and, you know, you'd hire people and put
and, you know, you'd hire people and put together to put together a report like
together to put together a report like
together to put together a report like this, right? Um, look at how great this
this, right? Um, look at how great this
this, right? Um, look at how great this report is. it honestly this is probably
report is. it honestly this is probably
report is. it honestly this is probably going to be better higher quality than
going to be better higher quality than
going to be better higher quality than what a VA or a content researcher
what a VA or a content researcher
what a VA or a content researcher would do right because
would do right because
would do right because I you know I have personally crafted
I you know I have personally crafted
I you know I have personally crafted this automation and I've been working on
this automation and I've been working on
this automation and I've been working on this for the past
this for the past
this for the past like five maybe like three or four
like five maybe like three or four
like five maybe like three or four months right I've gone through like five
months right I've gone through like five
months right I've gone through like five different versions if you saw the
different versions if you saw the
different versions if you saw the original the first one that I
original the first one that I
original the first one that I That was like
That was like
That was like the V1. All right, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
like the V1. All right, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is
like the V1. All right, this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is dialed now. Like it's actually dialed
dialed now. Like it's actually dialed
dialed now. Like it's actually dialed in. Um not only can it transcribe the
in. Um not only can it transcribe the
in. Um not only can it transcribe the reels like with, you know, like talking
reels like with, you know, like talking
reels like with, you know, like talking head videos, but it can also do um
head videos, but it can also do um
head videos, but it can also do um visual videos, right? So, like there's
visual videos, right? So, like there's
visual videos, right? So, like there's no there's no script to this video, but
no there's no script to this video, but
no there's no script to this video, but since we have Gemini with computer
since we have Gemini with computer
since we have Gemini with computer vision, it's actually able to watch the
vision, it's actually able to watch the
vision, it's actually able to watch the video and then give you um
video and then give you um
video and then give you um you know the video like the shot
you know the video like the shot
you know the video like the shot list, right, for visual videos because
list, right, for visual videos because
list, right, for visual videos because not all videos are like talking head.
not all videos are like talking head.
not all videos are like talking head. So, it can handle I set this up. I
So, it can handle I set this up. I
So, it can handle I set this up. I literally scrolled through my entire
literally scrolled through my entire
literally scrolled through my entire feed and tested this on every single
feed and tested this on every single
feed and tested this on every single reel that I every single type of reel
reel that I every single type of reel
reel that I every single type of reel that I could find to like get this
that I could find to like get this
that I could find to like get this dialed to make sure that it was
dialed to make sure that it was
dialed to make sure that it was absolutely accurate. Um, cool.
absolutely accurate. Um, cool.
absolutely accurate. Um, cool. So uh before I get into like the kind of
So uh before I get into like the kind of
So uh before I get into like the kind of walkth through and sort of tutorial
walkth through and sort of tutorial
walkth through and sort of tutorial um
um
um I want to talk about the limitations and
I want to talk about the limitations and
I want to talk about the limitations and also the costs. Let's talk about the
also the costs. Let's talk about the
also the costs. Let's talk about the costs first. Okay. So I have
costs first. Okay. So I have
costs first. Okay. So I have meticulously
meticulously
meticulously calculated the costs and I made sure to
calculated the costs and I made sure to
calculated the costs and I made sure to double triple check. Okay,
double triple check. Okay,
double triple check. Okay, so in total, this entire workflow
so in total, this entire workflow
so in total, this entire workflow literally costs 90 to run. So if you're
literally costs 90 to run. So if you're
literally costs 90 to run. So if you're running this, let's say four times a
running this, let's say four times a
running this, let's say four times a month, like every week, right? Once
month, like every week, right? Once
month, like every week, right? Once every week, it'll cost you $4.
every week, it'll cost you $4.
every week, it'll cost you $4. $4 per month to run this entire AI
$4 per month to run this entire AI
$4 per month to run this entire AI workflow. That pays for all the AI
workflow. That pays for all the AI
workflow. That pays for all the AI agents. It pays for the Gemini like
agents. It pays for the Gemini like
agents. It pays for the Gemini like video analysis. It pays for the
video analysis. It pays for the
video analysis. It pays for the scraping.
scraping.
scraping. $4
$4
$4 uh per month, right? 90 cents per run.
uh per month, right? 90 cents per run.
uh per month, right? 90 cents per run. The Appify cost is going to be about 25
The Appify cost is going to be about 25
The Appify cost is going to be about 25 cents per run. But Appify actually gives
cents per run. But Appify actually gives
cents per run. But Appify actually gives you $5 worth of free credits. So you
you $5 worth of free credits. So you
you $5 worth of free credits. So you could actually run this time you could
could actually run this time you could
could actually run this time you could you could run this entire workflow about
you could run this entire workflow about
you could run this entire workflow about 20 times before you ever even have to
20 times before you ever even have to
20 times before you ever even have to pay for Appify. So if you if you run it
pay for Appify. So if you if you run it
pay for Appify. So if you if you run it just four times a month, the Appify cost
just four times a month, the Appify cost
just four times a month, the Appify cost you can actually forget about. That'll
you can actually forget about. That'll
you can actually forget about. That'll be totally free actually. Um
be totally free actually. Um
be totally free actually. Um yeah. Um okay. And
yeah. Um okay. And
yeah. Um okay. And the Gemini cost will be 30 cents per
the Gemini cost will be 30 cents per
the Gemini cost will be 30 cents per run. So it cost 30 cents to do to do
run. So it cost 30 cents to do to do
run. So it cost 30 cents to do to do 30 transcribes, right? It's going to be
30 transcribes, right? It's going to be
30 transcribes, right? It's going to be about 30 cents there. Open router cost
about 30 cents there. Open router cost
about 30 cents there. Open router cost is going to be about 35 cents per run.
is going to be about 35 cents per run.
is going to be about 35 cents per run. And that is paying for the AI tokens
And that is paying for the AI tokens
And that is paying for the AI tokens that it's using during the hook analysis
that it's using during the hook analysis
that it's using during the hook analysis and the final report guy, the
and the final report guy, the
and the final report guy, the content strategist that puts together
content strategist that puts together
content strategist that puts together the report at the end. Um, and then
the report at the end. Um, and then
the report at the end. Um, and then obviously, you know, if you will have to
obviously, you know, if you will have to
obviously, you know, if you will have to do an N8N subscription, which that's
do an N8N subscription, which that's
do an N8N subscription, which that's going to be tw $24 per month, but you
going to be tw $24 per month, but you
going to be tw $24 per month, but you know, I use N8N for like I mean, you
know, I use N8N for like I mean, you
know, I use N8N for like I mean, you should have any and any anyways like
should have any and any anyways like
should have any and any anyways like yeah, you should be automating your
yeah, you should be automating your
yeah, you should be automating your business anyways, right? If you guys, a
business anyways, right? If you guys, a
business anyways, right? If you guys, a lot of you probably know Zapier or
lot of you probably know Zapier or
lot of you probably know Zapier or Make.com, right? N8N is the most
Make.com, right? N8N is the most
Make.com, right? N8N is the most powerful automation platform. way better
powerful automation platform. way better
powerful automation platform. way better than Zapier.
than Zapier.
than Zapier. I like it better than Make. All right.
I like it better than Make. All right.
I like it better than Make. All right. And you ask around, ask around. Anyone
And you ask around, ask around. Anyone
And you ask around, ask around. Anyone will tell you N8N is the most powerful
will tell you N8N is the most powerful
will tell you N8N is the most powerful automation platform. Way better than
automation platform. Way better than
automation platform. Way better than Zapier. Okay? If you're like a noob,
Zapier. Okay? If you're like a noob,
Zapier. Okay? If you're like a noob, then sure, maybe continue using Zapier.
then sure, maybe continue using Zapier.
then sure, maybe continue using Zapier. But anyways, I'm going off on a tangent.
But anyways, I'm going off on a tangent.
But anyways, I'm going off on a tangent. Let's stay focused here. So, cost
Let's stay focused here. So, cost
Let's stay focused here. So, cost breakdown. Literally, you know for a
breakdown. Literally, you know for a
breakdown. Literally, you know for a fact it's going to be about 90 cents per
fact it's going to be about 90 cents per
fact it's going to be about 90 cents per run. Okay? Give or take. Um, now let's
run. Okay? Give or take. Um, now let's
run. Okay? Give or take. Um, now let's talk about the limitations, okay?
talk about the limitations, okay?
talk about the limitations, okay? because I know I spent a lot of time
because I know I spent a lot of time
because I know I spent a lot of time hyping this thing up and it is indeed
hyping this thing up and it is indeed
hyping this thing up and it is indeed very hype, but I want to talk about
very hype, but I want to talk about
very hype, but I want to talk about um you know what it's good for and
um you know what it's good for and
um you know what it's good for and what it's not good for. Okay, what it is
what it's not good for. Okay, what it is
what it's not good for. Okay, what it is good for is data analysis, right? And
good for is data analysis, right? And
good for is data analysis, right? And making
making
making giving you a better content strategy
giving you a better content strategy
giving you a better content strategy that is based on evidence and facts and
that is based on evidence and facts and
that is based on evidence and facts and hard data, right? we're making we're
hard data, right? we're making we're
hard data, right? we're making we're making decisions on what to post or how
making decisions on what to post or how
making decisions on what to post or how to go viral based on the data or even
to go viral based on the data or even
to go viral based on the data or even how to convert, right? Like how to
how to convert, right? Like how to
how to convert, right? Like how to convert at least into comment CTAs,
convert at least into comment CTAs,
convert at least into comment CTAs, right? When I look at like, okay, how
right? When I look at like, okay, how
right? When I look at like, okay, how well is a post converting into actual
well is a post converting into actual
well is a post converting into actual dollar sales amount? Typically, you want
dollar sales amount? Typically, you want
dollar sales amount? Typically, you want to look at the comment engagement ratio
to look at the comment engagement ratio
to look at the comment engagement ratio because a comment means that the lead is
because a comment means that the lead is
because a comment means that the lead is raising their hand, right? more leads,
raising their hand, right? more leads,
raising their hand, right? more leads, more money, right? So, you can pretty
more money, right? So, you can pretty
more money, right? So, you can pretty much make datainformed decisions on what
much make datainformed decisions on what
much make datainformed decisions on what content you need to double down on,
what content you need to double down on,
what content you need to double down on, what content your competitors are doing
what content your competitors are doing
what content your competitors are doing that's working well for them, what
that's working well for them, what
that's working well for them, what content you should do to go viral for
content you should do to go viral for
content you should do to go viral for views, what content you should do for
views, what content you should do for
views, what content you should do for conversions, right? All based on the
conversions, right? All based on the
conversions, right? All based on the data. And I think it's also good for
data. And I think it's also good for
data. And I think it's also good for giving you ideas and direction and
giving you ideas and direction and
giving you ideas and direction and strategy. Okay, that's what it is really
strategy. Okay, that's what it is really
strategy. Okay, that's what it is really all about is better strategy that is
all about is better strategy that is
all about is better strategy that is based on the data. Okay, now what it's
based on the data. Okay, now what it's
based on the data. Okay, now what it's not good at is if you decide to turn
not good at is if you decide to turn
not good at is if you decide to turn your brain off and you think that just
your brain off and you think that just
your brain off and you think that just because you just because you post with
because you just because you post with
because you just because you post with these hooks that you're going to go
these hooks that you're going to go
these hooks that you're going to go viral or you know the content's going to
viral or you know the content's going to
viral or you know the content's going to perform well. Okay, that's not how this
perform well. Okay, that's not how this
perform well. Okay, that's not how this works. This is not a replacement for
works. This is not a replacement for
works. This is not a replacement for your brain and your creative thinking. I
your brain and your creative thinking. I
your brain and your creative thinking. I guarantee you that like I could give
guarantee you that like I could give
guarantee you that like I could give this report to an experienced creator
this report to an experienced creator
this report to an experienced creator and they would know what to do with all
and they would know what to do with all
and they would know what to do with all the insights and the strategy. Okay?
the insights and the strategy. Okay?
the insights and the strategy. Okay? They'd more look at the insights and the
They'd more look at the insights and the
They'd more look at the insights and the strategy here. But if you're just going
strategy here. But if you're just going
strategy here. But if you're just going to if you're thinking that this is just
to if you're thinking that this is just
to if you're thinking that this is just like an easy peasy way to just copy,
like an easy peasy way to just copy,
like an easy peasy way to just copy, turn your brain off and not use creative
turn your brain off and not use creative
turn your brain off and not use creative thinking and you think that you're going
thinking and you think that you're going
thinking and you think that you're going to be successful with this, then maybe
to be successful with this, then maybe
to be successful with this, then maybe this isn't for you, right? Because this
this isn't for you, right? Because this
this isn't for you, right? Because this is more for highle creators who want to
is more for highle creators who want to
is more for highle creators who want to who want to have a better content
who want to have a better content
who want to have a better content strategy that is based on data. Okay,
strategy that is based on data. Okay,
strategy that is based on data. Okay, cool. All right. So, with that out of
cool. All right. So, with that out of
cool. All right. So, with that out of the way, with all of that out of the
the way, with all of that out of the
the way, with all of that out of the way, I want to go into
way, I want to go into
way, I want to go into every single node. I'm going to go into
every single node. I'm going to go into
every single node. I'm going to go into every single node and show you exactly
every single node and show you exactly
every single node and show you exactly how this thing works at every single
how this thing works at every single
how this thing works at every single step so that you can build this for
step so that you can build this for
step so that you can build this for yourself for completely free. Okay. Now,
yourself for completely free. Okay. Now,
yourself for completely free. Okay. Now, if you want the template so that you can
if you want the template so that you can
if you want the template so that you can just oneclick copy and paste this into
just oneclick copy and paste this into
just oneclick copy and paste this into your N8N, you're going to have to pay
your N8N, you're going to have to pay
your N8N, you're going to have to pay because I spent hours and months and
because I spent hours and months and
because I spent hours and months and hours in the trenches developing and
hours in the trenches developing and
hours in the trenches developing and building this thing. Obviously, I can't
building this thing. Obviously, I can't
building this thing. Obviously, I can't just give you the template away for
just give you the template away for
just give you the template away for free, okay? But uh so if you want that
free, okay? But uh so if you want that
free, okay? But uh so if you want that template, just go if you want the
template, just go if you want the
template, just go if you want the template for this, go down in the
template for this, go down in the
template for this, go down in the description below, join my school
description below, join my school
description below, join my school community, and once you join my school
community, and once you join my school
community, and once you join my school community, it's going to look something
community, it's going to look something
community, it's going to look something like this. All right, you're going to go
like this. All right, you're going to go
like this. All right, you're going to go to the classroom, you're going to go to
to the classroom, you're going to go to
to the classroom, you're going to go to content engine, or it might be something
content engine, or it might be something
content engine, or it might be something else. You might just search just search
else. You might just search just search
else. You might just search just search IG research
IG research
IG research agent. Search that. Um, actually don't
agent. Search that. Um, actually don't
agent. Search that. Um, actually don't search that because that might bring you
search that because that might bring you
search that because that might bring you to the wrong like deprecated. Just go to
to the wrong like deprecated. Just go to
to the wrong like deprecated. Just go to classroom, go to content engine. It's
classroom, go to content engine. It's
classroom, go to content engine. It's going to be right here. IG research
going to be right here. IG research
going to be right here. IG research agent V5. Okay. And in there you're
agent V5. Okay. And in there you're
agent V5. Okay. And in there you're going to have the setup guide where I
going to have the setup guide where I
going to have the setup guide where I literally have a 50-minute video walking
literally have a 50-minute video walking
literally have a 50-minute video walking you through exactly how to set this up.
you through exactly how to set this up.
you through exactly how to set this up. And you have the downloadable JSON
And you have the downloadable JSON
And you have the downloadable JSON template, right? So that you can go into
template, right? So that you can go into
template, right? So that you can go into NAN and then just oneclick copy and
NAN and then just oneclick copy and
NAN and then just oneclick copy and paste this just like this. Import from
paste this just like this. Import from
paste this just like this. Import from file. You click that template. Boom.
file. You click that template. Boom.
file. You click that template. Boom. Okay. This is my intellectual property
Okay. This is my intellectual property
Okay. This is my intellectual property that I spent hours and months
that I spent hours and months
that I spent hours and months developing. So that's why I have to
developing. So that's why I have to
developing. So that's why I have to charge for it. Okay. But in this video,
charge for it. Okay. But in this video,
charge for it. Okay. But in this video, look, if you're on a budget, that's fine
look, if you're on a budget, that's fine
look, if you're on a budget, that's fine because in this video, I'm going to show
because in this video, I'm going to show
because in this video, I'm going to show you exactly how to set this up for free.
you exactly how to set this up for free.
you exactly how to set this up for free. All right? you're just going to have to
All right? you're just going to have to
All right? you're just going to have to follow step by step and you know it's
follow step by step and you know it's
follow step by step and you know it's going to be might take you a little bit
going to be might take you a little bit
going to be might take you a little bit longer.
longer.
longer. Okay, so the first thing here is we have
Okay, so the first thing here is we have
Okay, so the first thing here is we have a schedule trigger. Okay, this is set to
a schedule trigger. Okay, this is set to
a schedule trigger. Okay, this is set to go off at 3:00 a.m. every Sunday. So I
go off at 3:00 a.m. every Sunday. So I
go off at 3:00 a.m. every Sunday. So I basically just, you know, weeks one I
basically just, you know, weeks one I
basically just, you know, weeks one I set it to go on Sunday. You can change,
set it to go on Sunday. You can change,
set it to go on Sunday. You can change, you know, you can obviously adjust this,
you know, you can obviously adjust this,
you know, you can obviously adjust this, but I just set it off to go every Sunday
but I just set it off to go every Sunday
but I just set it off to go every Sunday at 3:00 a.m. This is going to run. It's
at 3:00 a.m. This is going to run. It's
at 3:00 a.m. This is going to run. It's going to clear the previous week's data.
going to clear the previous week's data.
going to clear the previous week's data. So, let me actually run this right now.
So, let me actually run this right now.
So, let me actually run this right now. I'll uh show you what's happening
I'll uh show you what's happening
I'll uh show you what's happening as we walk through here.
Make sure it's linked to the right one.
Make sure it's linked to the right one. Yeah. Okay. So,
Yeah. Okay. So,
Yeah. Okay. So, if I execute this, this is basically
if I execute this, this is basically
if I execute this, this is basically what's going to happen. Every Sunday at
what's going to happen. Every Sunday at
what's going to happen. Every Sunday at 3:00 a.m., it's going to clear the
3:00 a.m., it's going to clear the
3:00 a.m., it's going to clear the previous week's data. So, as you can
previous week's data. So, as you can
previous week's data. So, as you can see, it just cleared all of my reels. It
see, it just cleared all of my reels. It
see, it just cleared all of my reels. It cleared all my reels. It's now going to
cleared all my reels. It's now going to
cleared all my reels. It's now going to grab my username from inside of this
grab my username from inside of this
grab my username from inside of this node.
node.
node. Okay. So, you just paste in your
Okay. So, you just paste in your
Okay. So, you just paste in your username here. You put in your username.
username here. You put in your username.
username here. You put in your username. That's what it's going to scrape here in
That's what it's going to scrape here in
That's what it's going to scrape here in the Appify step. In the app ampify step,
the Appify step. In the app ampify step,
the Appify step. In the app ampify step, we are
we are
we are running an actor and getting a data set.
running an actor and getting a data set.
running an actor and getting a data set. Okay. And this is what the JSON body
Okay. And this is what the JSON body
Okay. And this is what the JSON body looks like that we're sending over.
looks like that we're sending over.
looks like that we're sending over. We're literally just telling it we want
We're literally just telling it we want
We're literally just telling it we want 20 reels. And this is the username that
20 reels. And this is the username that
20 reels. And this is the username that we're scraping. And it's pulling that
we're scraping. And it's pulling that
we're scraping. And it's pulling that from our this node right here.
from our this node right here.
from our this node right here. Uh right. And then I mentioned it's this
Uh right. And then I mentioned it's this
Uh right. And then I mentioned it's this note is just clearing it's clearing the
note is just clearing it's clearing the
note is just clearing it's clearing the previous week's data. So I have it
previous week's data. So I have it
previous week's data. So I have it linked to the my real sheet which has
linked to the my real sheet which has
linked to the my real sheet which has these headers right here. Okay. And uh
these headers right here. Okay. And uh
these headers right here. Okay. And uh just clearing the sheet. Okay. Then it
just clearing the sheet. Okay. Then it
just clearing the sheet. Okay. Then it goes and scrapes my reels. You can see
goes and scrapes my reels. You can see
goes and scrapes my reels. You can see that it successfully scraped all of my
that it successfully scraped all of my
that it successfully scraped all of my reels. Okay. Then what we're doing
reels. Okay. Then what we're doing
reels. Okay. Then what we're doing is we are
is we are
is we are uh filtering
uh filtering
uh filtering for
for
for only posts in the past three months.
only posts in the past three months.
only posts in the past three months. Right? So out of the 20 posts that it
Right? So out of the 20 posts that it
Right? So out of the 20 posts that it scrape, it's basically just scraped the
scrape, it's basically just scraped the
scrape, it's basically just scraped the 20 most recent posts from my account.
20 most recent posts from my account.
20 most recent posts from my account. Then we're going to filter out of those
Then we're going to filter out of those
Then we're going to filter out of those 20 posts. We want only the recent ones
20 posts. We want only the recent ones
20 posts. We want only the recent ones that I have posted in the past three
that I have posted in the past three
that I have posted in the past three months. So basically if the time stamp
months. So basically if the time stamp
months. So basically if the time stamp is after you know three months ago from
is after you know three months ago from
is after you know three months ago from now
now
now we want to include it. have not discard
we want to include it. have not discard
we want to include it. have not discard it. And also big thing here the
it. And also big thing here the
it. And also big thing here the video duration has to be less than 300
video duration has to be less than 300
video duration has to be less than 300 seconds which I believe is
seconds which I believe is
seconds which I believe is divided by it's 5 minutes right we have
divided by it's 5 minutes right we have
divided by it's 5 minutes right we have a five minute maximum on the video
a five minute maximum on the video
a five minute maximum on the video otherwise
otherwise
otherwise you might get lives like Instagram lives
you might get lives like Instagram lives
you might get lives like Instagram lives that will come in through the data set
that will come in through the data set
that will come in through the data set and then mess up the entire flow right
and then mess up the entire flow right
and then mess up the entire flow right because Um,
because Um,
because Um, yeah, if it's like a 30 minute live,
yeah, if it's like a 30 minute live,
yeah, if it's like a 30 minute live, then obviously it's going to error out
then obviously it's going to error out
then obviously it's going to error out at the Gemini node. Okay, so we
at the Gemini node. Okay, so we
at the Gemini node. Okay, so we basically got our reel. We got our 20
basically got our reel. We got our 20
basically got our reel. We got our 20 most reels, 20 most recent reels. We're
most reels, 20 most recent reels. We're
most reels, 20 most recent reels. We're we filtered for only our reels that we
we filtered for only our reels that we
we filtered for only our reels that we posted in the past 3 months. As you can
posted in the past 3 months. As you can
posted in the past 3 months. As you can see, I've posted 13 reels in the past
see, I've posted 13 reels in the past
see, I've posted 13 reels in the past three months. Um, but you know, for you
three months. Um, but you know, for you
three months. Um, but you know, for you that might be more, right? It might be
that might be more, right? It might be
that might be more, right? It might be all 20. All 20 of them might be posted
all 20. All 20 of them might be posted
all 20. All 20 of them might be posted in the past three months. Now, we're
in the past three months. Now, we're
in the past three months. Now, we're going to sort them by views. So, we want
going to sort them by views. So, we want
going to sort them by views. So, we want to take this field called video play
to take this field called video play
to take this field called video play count, and we want to sort it
count, and we want to sort it
count, and we want to sort it descending.
descending.
descending. That's going to sort all these 13 items
That's going to sort all these 13 items
That's going to sort all these 13 items by views descending. So, the highest
by views descending. So, the highest
by views descending. So, the highest views first, lowest views first. Then,
views first, lowest views first. Then,
views first, lowest views first. Then, we're limiting it to the top 15. What
we're limiting it to the top 15. What
we're limiting it to the top 15. What that basically means is we're just
that basically means is we're just
that basically means is we're just dropping.
dropping.
dropping. Basically, all that means is we're just
Basically, all that means is we're just
Basically, all that means is we're just dropping the bottom five. We don't
dropping the bottom five. We don't
dropping the bottom five. We don't want those in the data set, right? It's
want those in the data set, right? It's
want those in the data set, right? It's we're just dropping the bottom five
we're just dropping the bottom five
we're just dropping the bottom five least performing posts because we don't
least performing posts because we don't
least performing posts because we don't really care about those. But in my case,
really care about those. But in my case,
really care about those. But in my case, I didn't even have I only had 13 that
I didn't even have I only had 13 that
I didn't even have I only had 13 that I've posted in the past three
I've posted in the past three
I've posted in the past three months. So, it's just going to take all
months. So, it's just going to take all
months. So, it's just going to take all 13. But the maximum amount of reels that
13. But the maximum amount of reels that
13. But the maximum amount of reels that it's going to scrape from your account
it's going to scrape from your account
it's going to scrape from your account will be basically your top 15 most
will be basically your top 15 most
will be basically your top 15 most viewed posts in the past three months.
viewed posts in the past three months.
viewed posts in the past three months. Next, what we're doing is we are sending
Next, what we're doing is we are sending
Next, what we're doing is we are sending those videos to Gemini. Um, and we're
those videos to Gemini. Um, and we're
those videos to Gemini. Um, and we're using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
using Gemini 2.5 Flash. I wonder if Gemini has a is there a
I wonder if Gemini has a is there a
I wonder if Gemini has a is there a Gemini is there a Gemini 3 flash now?
Gemini is there a Gemini 3 flash now?
Gemini is there a Gemini 3 flash now? Because Gemini 3 Pro just came out.
Because Gemini 3 Pro just came out.
Because Gemini 3 Pro just came out. Ah, okay. Gemini 3 Pro is available.
Ah, okay. Gemini 3 Pro is available.
Ah, okay. Gemini 3 Pro is available. Gemini 3 Pro at the time of at the time
Gemini 3 Pro at the time of at the time
Gemini 3 Pro at the time of at the time of this recording, Gemini 3 Pro
of this recording, Gemini 3 Pro
of this recording, Gemini 3 Pro literally like just uh just released
literally like just uh just released
literally like just uh just released like 10 hours ago. But uh
like 10 hours ago. But uh
like 10 hours ago. But uh in the Yeah. Anyways, we're using 2.5
in the Yeah. Anyways, we're using 2.5
in the Yeah. Anyways, we're using 2.5 Flash here. Okay. To transcribe and use
Flash here. Okay. To transcribe and use
Flash here. Okay. To transcribe and use computer vision to watch the video and
computer vision to watch the video and
computer vision to watch the video and get a
get a
get a um
um
um a script. Here is the prompt. Okay. So,
a script. Here is the prompt. Okay. So,
a script. Here is the prompt. Okay. So, if you want, you can screenshot this and
if you want, you can screenshot this and
if you want, you can screenshot this and then basically like
then basically like
then basically like here's what I would do. If if you wanted
here's what I would do. If if you wanted
here's what I would do. If if you wanted to set this up for free, just screenshot
to set this up for free, just screenshot
to set this up for free, just screenshot like you're on the YouTube video right
like you're on the YouTube video right
like you're on the YouTube video right now, right? Just screenshot it and then
now, right? Just screenshot it and then
now, right? Just screenshot it and then show in Finder and then open it up. And
show in Finder and then open it up. And
show in Finder and then open it up. And now you can actually copy just like
now you can actually copy just like
now you can actually copy just like that. Right? That's how I would copy
that. Right? That's how I would copy
that. Right? That's how I would copy this prompt for free.
this prompt for free.
this prompt for free. Okay.
Okay.
Okay. But uh let me just scroll through. So
But uh let me just scroll through. So
But uh let me just scroll through. So this is the entire prompt. We're
this is the entire prompt. We're
this is the entire prompt. We're basically just saying, "Hey, you're a
basically just saying, "Hey, you're a
basically just saying, "Hey, you're a social media content analysis analyst.
social media content analysis analyst.
social media content analysis analyst. You want to watch this video and extract
You want to watch this video and extract
You want to watch this video and extract a raw breakdown." So, first we want to
a raw breakdown." So, first we want to
a raw breakdown." So, first we want to identify the video format. Like, is this
identify the video format. Like, is this
identify the video format. Like, is this a visual video? Is this a meme video?
a visual video? Is this a meme video?
a visual video? Is this a meme video? All right? Otherwise, it's just going to
All right? Otherwise, it's just going to
All right? Otherwise, it's just going to be a script video. So, for the visual
be a script video. So, for the visual
be a script video. So, for the visual videos, here's how you should give us
videos, here's how you should give us
videos, here's how you should give us the script. For script driven videos,
uh, for script driven videos,
uh, for script driven videos, this is how you should give us the
this is how you should give us the
this is how you should give us the script. Just transcribe it. For visual
script. Just transcribe it. For visual
script. Just transcribe it. For visual montage videos, this is how you should
montage videos, this is how you should
montage videos, this is how you should give us the script. For meme or comedy
give us the script. For meme or comedy
give us the script. For meme or comedy format videos, this is how you should
format videos, this is how you should
format videos, this is how you should give us the script,
right? And then it has instructions in
right? And then it has instructions in here about distinguishing between the
here about distinguishing between the
here about distinguishing between the actual content and the background audio.
actual content and the background audio.
actual content and the background audio. Right.
And then it has some output constraints.
And then it has some output constraints. Okay. So that's really all that's
Okay. So that's really all that's
Okay. So that's really all that's happening in the Gemini node is we're
happening in the Gemini node is we're
happening in the Gemini node is we're just and we're sending that video URL
just and we're sending that video URL
just and we're sending that video URL that we scraped from
that we scraped from
that we scraped from Instagram. If we open this up, this is
Instagram. If we open this up, this is
Instagram. If we open this up, this is basically just like the uh
basically just like the uh
basically just like the uh it's like the download URL for the
it's like the download URL for the
it's like the download URL for the video. That's what we're sending over to
video. That's what we're sending over to
video. That's what we're sending over to Gemini. And then it's using that video
Gemini. And then it's using that video
Gemini. And then it's using that video URL to download it and then watch it
URL to download it and then watch it
URL to download it and then watch it with this prompt.
with this prompt.
with this prompt. So, we can see that it just got done
So, we can see that it just got done
So, we can see that it just got done analyzing all 13 of my reels. And then
analyzing all 13 of my reels. And then
analyzing all 13 of my reels. And then the next step after that is it's passing
the next step after that is it's passing
the next step after that is it's passing it off to this hook analyzer agent. And
it off to this hook analyzer agent. And
it off to this hook analyzer agent. And inside of here, we are using Claude XML
inside of here, we are using Claude XML
inside of here, we are using Claude XML format for the prompt because Claude
format for the prompt because Claude
format for the prompt because Claude likes that. It's like a good way to
likes that. It's like a good way to
likes that. It's like a good way to structure the prompt. Um, and yeah, this
structure the prompt. Um, and yeah, this
structure the prompt. Um, and yeah, this is the prompt here. Basically, we're
is the prompt here. Basically, we're
is the prompt here. Basically, we're saying, hey, identify the real hook of
saying, hey, identify the real hook of
saying, hey, identify the real hook of the video. You know, here's how to
the video. You know, here's how to
the video. You know, here's how to identify the hook. You have, is there
identify the hook. You have, is there
identify the hook. You have, is there text overlay at the start? That's
text overlay at the start? That's
text overlay at the start? That's usually it. If it's a visual video, like
usually it. If it's a visual video, like
usually it. If it's a visual video, like a split screen or like a before after,
a split screen or like a before after,
a split screen or like a before after, the structure of the video is actually
the structure of the video is actually
the structure of the video is actually the hook because it's like a visual
the hook because it's like a visual
the hook because it's like a visual video. Is there someone talking with no
video. Is there someone talking with no
video. Is there someone talking with no text or structure? In that case, the
text or structure? In that case, the
text or structure? In that case, the opening statement is usually the hook.
opening statement is usually the hook.
opening statement is usually the hook. Um, ignore background music, ignore
Um, ignore background music, ignore
Um, ignore background music, ignore generic audio, blah blah. And then
generic audio, blah blah. And then
generic audio, blah blah. And then we have examples. examples really
we have examples. examples really
we have examples. examples really help with Claude to
help with Claude to
help with Claude to understand like the type of output that
understand like the type of output that
understand like the type of output that you're looking for. Right.
you're looking for. Right.
you're looking for. Right. So, uh
yeah. Oh, let me um
yeah. Oh, let me um scroll through this. If you want to copy
scroll through this. If you want to copy
scroll through this. If you want to copy the prompt,
boom.
boom. Okay. You can copy the entire prompt for
Okay. You can copy the entire prompt for
Okay. You can copy the entire prompt for free. Maybe I can just
free. Maybe I can just
free. Maybe I can just Oh, there we go. Maybe I can just show
Oh, there we go. Maybe I can just show
Oh, there we go. Maybe I can just show you the entire.
you the entire.
you the entire. Uh, I feel like that's too small though.
There.
There. There is the entire prompt.
Okay,
Okay, that's the prompt for the hook analyzer.
that's the prompt for the hook analyzer.
that's the prompt for the hook analyzer. Maybe I'll even include
Maybe I'll even include
Maybe I'll even include may maybe I'll even include the prompts
may maybe I'll even include the prompts
may maybe I'll even include the prompts for free down below.
Anyways, okay. No, honestly though, it's
Anyways, okay. No, honestly though, it's like dude, I spent so long like co like
like dude, I spent so long like co like
like dude, I spent so long like co like writing these prompts. Like I literally
writing these prompts. Like I literally
writing these prompts. Like I literally spent like hours and hours like
spent like hours and hours like
spent like hours and hours like fine-tuning these prompts. I really
fine-tuning these prompts. I really
fine-tuning these prompts. I really don't think I can give these away for
don't think I can give these away for
don't think I can give these away for free. Okay, anyways.
free. Okay, anyways.
free. Okay, anyways. Then it's just putting all the reels in
Then it's just putting all the reels in
Then it's just putting all the reels in our sheet. Okay, so as you can see, it
our sheet. Okay, so as you can see, it
our sheet. Okay, so as you can see, it just got done. Boom. Transcribed all of
just got done. Boom. Transcribed all of
just got done. Boom. Transcribed all of our reels, all 13 of them, and then put
our reels, all 13 of them, and then put
our reels, all 13 of them, and then put them in the sheet with the views, the
them in the sheet with the views, the
them in the sheet with the views, the likes, the comments, blah blah. And
likes, the comments, blah blah. And
likes, the comments, blah blah. And we can see that this is all pretty
we can see that this is all pretty
we can see that this is all pretty accurate. 321,000 views, 14K or like
accurate. 321,000 views, 14K or like
accurate. 321,000 views, 14K or like about 15K likes, 14.9K, 6.7K.
about 15K likes, 14.9K, 6.7K.
about 15K likes, 14.9K, 6.7K. Yeah, very, very accurate.
Yeah, very, very accurate.
Yeah, very, very accurate. Cool.
Cool.
Cool. And now what it's doing Oh, let me show
this right so you already saw the prompt
this right so you already saw the prompt there
there
there and then for the model here I'm using
and then for the model here I'm using
and then for the model here I'm using open router and I'm using claude haiku
open router and I'm using claude haiku
open router and I'm using claude haiku 4.5 as the model because I did a lot of
4.5 as the model because I did a lot of
4.5 as the model because I did a lot of research and it's the best model for
research and it's the best model for
research and it's the best model for this task we do we need it to be like a
this task we do we need it to be like a
this task we do we need it to be like a little smart enough to know and identify
little smart enough to know and identify
little smart enough to know and identify hooks but not so smart that it's going
hooks but not so smart that it's going
hooks but not so smart that it's going to be like expensive like claude sonnet
to be like expensive like claude sonnet
to be like expensive like claude sonnet is pretty expensive. So, Haiku was a
is pretty expensive. So, Haiku was a
is pretty expensive. So, Haiku was a nice like middle ground. If you want the
nice like middle ground. If you want the
nice like middle ground. If you want the highest quality, you can definitely bump
highest quality, you can definitely bump
highest quality, you can definitely bump the model up to Sonnet 4.5. And I have
the model up to Sonnet 4.5. And I have
the model up to Sonnet 4.5. And I have noticed that does actually improve
noticed that does actually improve
noticed that does actually improve the accuracy of like identifying what
the accuracy of like identifying what
the accuracy of like identifying what the actual hook of the video is. Um,
the actual hook of the video is. Um,
the actual hook of the video is. Um, you know, you can also mess around with
you know, you can also mess around with
you know, you can also mess around with the prompt, but yeah, that's basically I
the prompt, but yeah, that's basically I
the prompt, but yeah, that's basically I chose Haiku 4.5 for the model there. And
chose Haiku 4.5 for the model there. And
chose Haiku 4.5 for the model there. And then the next step is that it's
then the next step is that it's
then the next step is that it's basically
basically
basically you know getting the document the sheet
you know getting the document the sheet
you know getting the document the sheet and then it's sending over
and then it's sending over
and then it's sending over we're grabbing the we're grabbing the
we're grabbing the we're grabbing the
we're grabbing the we're grabbing the thumbnail like the display URL and
thumbnail like the display URL and
thumbnail like the display URL and mapping that in. We're grabbing the real
mapping that in. We're grabbing the real
mapping that in. We're grabbing the real URL. We are grabbing the username and
URL. We are grabbing the username and
URL. We are grabbing the username and then we are grabbing the transcript. Big
then we are grabbing the transcript. Big
then we are grabbing the transcript. Big thing here is that I like to slice off
thing here is that I like to slice off
thing here is that I like to slice off the transcript at 10,000 characters. The
the transcript at 10,000 characters. The
the transcript at 10,000 characters. The Google Sheets cell limit is 50,000
Google Sheets cell limit is 50,000
Google Sheets cell limit is 50,000 characters.
characters.
characters. But you know in a in I just want to
But you know in a in I just want to
But you know in a in I just want to account for any edge cases, any weird
account for any edge cases, any weird
account for any edge cases, any weird cases where
cases where
cases where sometimes maybe I don't know if the
sometimes maybe I don't know if the
sometimes maybe I don't know if the Gemini node gets stuck in a loop and it
Gemini node gets stuck in a loop and it
Gemini node gets stuck in a loop and it just keeps on transcribing and it's like
just keeps on transcribing and it's like
just keeps on transcribing and it's like a 100,000 character transcript,
a 100,000 character transcript,
a 100,000 character transcript, you're going to get an error if you try
you're going to get an error if you try
you're going to get an error if you try to stuff that into a sheet node, right?
to stuff that into a sheet node, right?
to stuff that into a sheet node, right? I also put this fallback. This is
I also put this fallback. This is
I also put this fallback. This is actually the most the more important
actually the most the more important
actually the most the more important thing is that in here when I feed it in
thing is that in here when I feed it in
thing is that in here when I feed it in the transcript right to show it like
the transcript right to show it like
the transcript right to show it like hey this is the transcript extract the
hey this is the transcript extract the
hey this is the transcript extract the hook. We got to have this fall back
hook. We got to have this fall back
hook. We got to have this fall back here. Uh, basically this is saying like,
here. Uh, basically this is saying like,
here. Uh, basically this is saying like, okay, if the Gemini node failed, which
okay, if the Gemini node failed, which
okay, if the Gemini node failed, which sometimes it does just randomly, there's
sometimes it does just randomly, there's
sometimes it does just randomly, there's nothing you can really do about that,
nothing you can really do about that,
nothing you can really do about that, but like one out of every, I don't know,
but like one out of every, I don't know,
but like one out of every, I don't know, 30 will fail for some reason. In that
30 will fail for some reason. In that
30 will fail for some reason. In that case, you want to account for that
case, you want to account for that
case, you want to account for that error, right? Just in case it fails,
error, right? Just in case it fails,
error, right? Just in case it fails, we're just going to give this message,
we're just going to give this message,
we're just going to give this message, right? Okay. And then the workflow
right? Okay. And then the workflow
right? Okay. And then the workflow continues and we can continue on without
continues and we can continue on without
continues and we can continue on without it without it stopping the entire
it without it stopping the entire
it without it stopping the entire workflow and throwing us an error.
workflow and throwing us an error.
workflow and throwing us an error. Right? So that's another key important
Right? So that's another key important
Right? So that's another key important thing that we're doing right here
thing that we're doing right here
thing that we're doing right here is we're setting that error handling
is we're setting that error handling
is we're setting that error handling logic. Basically if we if the transcript
logic. Basically if we if the transcript
logic. Basically if we if the transcript failed, we're just going to give this
failed, we're just going to give this
failed, we're just going to give this little message right here that just says
little message right here that just says
little message right here that just says transcript failed. That way the workflow
transcript failed. That way the workflow
transcript failed. That way the workflow can continue without it stopping the
can continue without it stopping the
can continue without it stopping the entire thing and then you having to run
entire thing and then you having to run
entire thing and then you having to run it all over again. Blah blah blah. Okay.
it all over again. Blah blah blah. Okay.
it all over again. Blah blah blah. Okay. So yeah, basically pretty simple stuff
So yeah, basically pretty simple stuff
So yeah, basically pretty simple stuff here though. We're just mapping in all
here though. We're just mapping in all
here though. We're just mapping in all of the we're mapping in the transcript.
of the we're mapping in the transcript.
of the we're mapping in the transcript. We're mapping in the hook analysis that
We're mapping in the hook analysis that
We're mapping in the hook analysis that we got from the hook analyzer step. We
we got from the hook analyzer step. We
we got from the hook analyzer step. We are mapping in the caption, the views,
are mapping in the caption, the views,
are mapping in the caption, the views, the likes, the comments, and the post
the likes, the comments, and the post
the likes, the comments, and the post date. And that's all that's happening in
date. And that's all that's happening in
date. And that's all that's happening in the append rows. Google sheet step. Then
the append rows. Google sheet step. Then
the append rows. Google sheet step. Then the next step after that is to clear out
the next step after that is to clear out
the next step after that is to clear out the competitor reels sheet. So, you
the competitor reels sheet. So, you
the competitor reels sheet. So, you can't see, but it just um it just
can't see, but it just um it just
can't see, but it just um it just cleared out the sheet and Oh.
Why don't I just try and
Why don't I just try and Oh, it just loaded as I left.
Oh, it just loaded as I left.
Oh, it just loaded as I left. Let me go back to the sheet.
Oh, what's wrong with my Wi-Fi? Why is
Oh, what's wrong with my Wi-Fi? Why is it so slow?
it so slow?
it so slow? Dang.
[clears throat] Ah, I don't know what
[clears throat] Ah, I don't know what was going on there. My Wi-Fi just kind
was going on there. My Wi-Fi just kind
was going on there. My Wi-Fi just kind of pooped out for a second. Anyways,
of pooped out for a second. Anyways,
of pooped out for a second. Anyways, where was I?
where was I?
where was I? So,
So,
So, right. Okay. So, now what it's doing is
right. Okay. So, now what it's doing is
right. Okay. So, now what it's doing is we're moving on to phase two. So, we
we're moving on to phase two. So, we
we're moving on to phase two. So, we already scraped all of my reels. As you
already scraped all of my reels. As you
already scraped all of my reels. As you can see, we scraped all my reels. All
can see, we scraped all my reels. All
can see, we scraped all my reels. All the transcripts were successful. So
the transcripts were successful. So
the transcripts were successful. So yeah, no problems there. And what do we
yeah, no problems there. And what do we
yeah, no problems there. And what do we want to do now is move on to scraping
want to do now is move on to scraping
want to do now is move on to scraping our competitors. Okay. So it's going to
our competitors. Okay. So it's going to
our competitors. Okay. So it's going to basically well the first step is it's
basically well the first step is it's
basically well the first step is it's going to clear the competitor uh reels
going to clear the competitor uh reels
going to clear the competitor uh reels from last week, right? So these all
from last week, right? So these all
from last week, right? So these all clear out and we get new fresh data,
clear out and we get new fresh data,
clear out and we get new fresh data, right? And that's important because
right? And that's important because
right? And that's important because we're basically you're going to get a
we're basically you're going to get a
we're basically you're going to get a different report every week with the
different report every week with the
different report every week with the latest and greatest reels, right? This
latest and greatest reels, right? This
latest and greatest reels, right? This is grabbing reels from only the past two
is grabbing reels from only the past two
is grabbing reels from only the past two weeks, right? So, as you go on week by
weeks, right? So, as you go on week by
weeks, right? So, as you go on week by week, you'll get new reels of
week, you'll get new reels of
week, you'll get new reels of Oh, that was that's what was going on.
Oh, that was that's what was going on.
Oh, that was that's what was going on. Yeah, I think Google Sheets had a
Yeah, I think Google Sheets had a
Yeah, I think Google Sheets had a problem there for a second. For sure.
problem there for a second. For sure.
problem there for a second. For sure. For sure. That was a Google Sheets like
For sure. That was a Google Sheets like
For sure. That was a Google Sheets like weird little thing that was happening
weird little thing that was happening
weird little thing that was happening there. That's okay, though, because that
there. That's okay, though, because that
there. That's okay, though, because that actually gives us a chance to show you
actually gives us a chance to show you
actually gives us a chance to show you what's going on with the um thing. So,
what's going on with the um thing. So,
what's going on with the um thing. So, let's pin this and we can start it from
let's pin this and we can start it from
let's pin this and we can start it from the uh this start. Okay. So, we don't we
the uh this start. Okay. So, we don't we
the uh this start. Okay. So, we don't we did all of our reels. Now, what's going
did all of our reels. Now, what's going
did all of our reels. Now, what's going to happen next is it's going to clear
to happen next is it's going to clear
to happen next is it's going to clear our competitor reels and then it's
our competitor reels and then it's
our competitor reels and then it's going to get our competitors and start
going to get our competitors and start
going to get our competitors and start scraping them. So, if we go Oops. If we
scraping them. So, if we go Oops. If we
scraping them. So, if we go Oops. If we go here, we can watch it happen. I click
go here, we can watch it happen. I click
go here, we can watch it happen. I click execute.
execute.
execute. Oops. See, boom. It just cleared
Oops. See, boom. It just cleared
Oops. See, boom. It just cleared everything out, right? Cleared out the
everything out, right? Cleared out the
everything out, right? Cleared out the previous week's data. And that's, you
previous week's data. And that's, you
previous week's data. And that's, you know, same thing here. It's just
know, same thing here. It's just
know, same thing here. It's just grabbing our sheet from the list.
grabbing our sheet from the list.
grabbing our sheet from the list. Competitor reals clear whole sheet keep
Competitor reals clear whole sheet keep
Competitor reals clear whole sheet keep first row. And then the next step is
first row. And then the next step is
first row. And then the next step is it's grabbing our competitors from our
it's grabbing our competitors from our
it's grabbing our competitors from our competitor list sheet. Right.
competitor list sheet. Right.
competitor list sheet. Right. And that's going to be right here.
And that's going to be right here.
And that's going to be right here. [clears throat]
[clears throat]
[clears throat] So, um,
So, um,
So, um, yeah,
yeah,
yeah, it basically just it'll grab like if you
it basically just it'll grab like if you
it basically just it'll grab like if you put if you put like 20 competitors in
put if you put like 20 competitors in
put if you put like 20 competitors in the list, you can do that. It's just
the list, you can do that. It's just
the list, you can do that. It's just only going to take the first five. So,
only going to take the first five. So,
only going to take the first five. So, whatever whoever is highlighted, it's
whatever whoever is highlighted, it's
whatever whoever is highlighted, it's only going to scrape them. You can
only going to scrape them. You can
only going to scrape them. You can scrape up to five, right? But if you
scrape up to five, right? But if you
scrape up to five, right? But if you only put three people in here, then
only put three people in here, then
only put three people in here, then it'll only do three. Okay. So, um, yeah.
it'll only do three. Okay. So, um, yeah.
it'll only do three. Okay. So, um, yeah. So, I usually, you know, you can do
So, I usually, you know, you can do
So, I usually, you know, you can do three, you could do five, whatever.
three, you could do five, whatever.
three, you could do five, whatever. Don't really matter. But, uh, cool. So,
Don't really matter. But, uh, cool. So,
Don't really matter. But, uh, cool. So, then it's grabbing the it's grabbing
then it's grabbing the it's grabbing
then it's grabbing the it's grabbing basically all of their profile URLs and
basically all of their profile URLs and
basically all of their profile URLs and then it's sending, right? It's limiting
then it's sending, right? It's limiting
then it's sending, right? It's limiting them to only the top five, right? So,
them to only the top five, right? So,
them to only the top five, right? So, boom. And then uh limit to the five
boom. And then uh limit to the five
boom. And then uh limit to the five first items, right? So, that even if you
first items, right? So, that even if you
first items, right? So, that even if you have like 20 people in here, it'll just
have like 20 people in here, it'll just
have like 20 people in here, it'll just only do the first five. again, sending
only do the first five. again, sending
only do the first five. again, sending over the scrape. Sending it over to the
over the scrape. Sending it over to the
over the scrape. Sending it over to the scraper. It's the Instagram real
scraper. It's the Instagram real
scraper. It's the Instagram real scraper. It's going to be this guy on
scraper. It's going to be this guy on
scraper. It's going to be this guy on Ampify. Here's the URL right here. Um,
Ampify. Here's the URL right here. Um,
Ampify. Here's the URL right here. Um, yeah. So, it's going to be that. This is
yeah. So, it's going to be that. This is
yeah. So, it's going to be that. This is the scraper. And then we're just sending
the scraper. And then we're just sending
the scraper. And then we're just sending over this JSON body that is uh we're
over this JSON body that is uh we're
over this JSON body that is uh we're grabbing the latest 15
we're grabbing the latest 15
we're grabbing the latest 15 reels from each of our competitors and
reels from each of our competitors and
reels from each of our competitors and then we're mapping in their username
then we're mapping in their username
then we're mapping in their username from,
from,
from, you know, the previous node, right?
you know, the previous node, right?
you know, the previous node, right? Where we go we're basically
Where we go we're basically
Where we go we're basically mapping in all the guy the people in the
mapping in all the guy the people in the
mapping in all the guy the people in the list that we just got.
list that we just got.
list that we just got. So it's going to loop over every single
So it's going to loop over every single
So it's going to loop over every single competitor. As you can see, it's going
competitor. As you can see, it's going
competitor. As you can see, it's going over the first one right now. And I
over the first one right now. And I
over the first one right now. And I believe this one is probably ROR. Yeah.
believe this one is probably ROR. Yeah.
believe this one is probably ROR. Yeah. So it's going over ROR right now.
So it's going over ROR right now.
So it's going over ROR right now. Uh
Uh
Uh and
and
and in this step again we want to make sure
in this step again we want to make sure
in this step again we want to make sure that we are filtering. Okay. So the time
that we are filtering. Okay. So the time
that we are filtering. Okay. So the time stamp of the post has to be after two
stamp of the post has to be after two
stamp of the post has to be after two weeks ago, right? And also again we want
weeks ago, right? And also again we want
weeks ago, right? And also again we want to filter out all those lives and
to filter out all those lives and
to filter out all those lives and super long videos, right? If it's over
super long videos, right? If it's over
super long videos, right? If it's over five minutes, we want to discard it,
five minutes, we want to discard it,
five minutes, we want to discard it, right? We do not want that. Um, okay.
right? We do not want that. Um, okay.
right? We do not want that. Um, okay. Boom. And and so now what we're doing
Boom. And and so now what we're doing
Boom. And and so now what we're doing here is we're basically the exact same
here is we're basically the exact same
here is we're basically the exact same process that we did for our reels. We're
process that we did for our reels. We're
process that we did for our reels. We're just doing that five times, right? For
just doing that five times, right? For
just doing that five times, right? For each of our competitors. It's the exact
each of our competitors. It's the exact
each of our competitors. It's the exact same process. We're just doing it. We're
same process. We're just doing it. We're
same process. We're just doing it. We're just looping five times over each
just looping five times over each
just looping five times over each competitor, right? So we just did ROR.
competitor, right? So we just did ROR.
competitor, right? So we just did ROR. And now if we see if we check our sheet.
And now if we see if we check our sheet.
And now if we see if we check our sheet. Oh, okay. This one failed. See, that's
Oh, okay. This one failed. See, that's
Oh, okay. This one failed. See, that's good though because otherwise it would
good though because otherwise it would
good though because otherwise it would have just crashed the entire workflow,
have just crashed the entire workflow,
have just crashed the entire workflow, you know, and this is like really it's,
you know, and this is like really it's,
you know, and this is like really it's, you know, there's nothing you can do
you know, there's nothing you can do
you know, there's nothing you can do about this, you know, it's you're going
about this, you know, it's you're going
about this, you know, it's you're going to get some of these sometimes. Trust
to get some of these sometimes. Trust
to get some of these sometimes. Trust me, dude. Well, actually, there is
me, dude. Well, actually, there is
me, dude. Well, actually, there is something that you can do about it. I
something that you can do about it. I
something that you can do about it. I look, I figured out how to make it
look, I figured out how to make it
look, I figured out how to make it absolutely bulletproof and make sure
absolutely bulletproof and make sure
absolutely bulletproof and make sure that we get the transcription every
that we get the transcription every
that we get the transcription every time, but
time, but
time, but it's too complicated for the setup.
it's too complicated for the setup.
it's too complicated for the setup. and like it it's just too
and like it it's just too
and like it it's just too complicated and I figured that it
complicated and I figured that it
complicated and I figured that it would just add a lot more complexity to
would just add a lot more complexity to
would just add a lot more complexity to the setup and I didn't want to make it I
the setup and I didn't want to make it I
the setup and I didn't want to make it I just wanted this to be simple and for it
just wanted this to be simple and for it
just wanted this to be simple and for it to work right. So,
to work right. So,
to work right. So, but basically if you do want if you
but basically if you do want if you
but basically if you do want if you wanted to make it absolutely
wanted to make it absolutely
wanted to make it absolutely bulletproof, you kind of have to do a
bulletproof, you kind of have to do a
bulletproof, you kind of have to do a Cloudflare worker setup to access the
Cloudflare worker setup to access the
Cloudflare worker setup to access the Instagram download link because
Instagram download link because
Instagram download link because Instagram is funky about how they how
Instagram is funky about how they how
Instagram is funky about how they how it lets you access their link.
how it lets you access their link.
how it lets you access their link. It's an IPv4 versus IPv6 issue. Anyways,
It's an IPv4 versus IPv6 issue. Anyways,
It's an IPv4 versus IPv6 issue. Anyways, okay, cool.
okay, cool.
okay, cool. So,
So,
So, um, you know, we still get the caption
um, you know, we still get the caption
um, you know, we still get the caption though, so we still like know what the
though, so we still like know what the
though, so we still like know what the video is about.
video is about.
video is about. Um, all right, cool. So, now it's going
Um, all right, cool. So, now it's going
Um, all right, cool. So, now it's going over the second competitor.
over the second competitor.
over the second competitor. I already covered this node. Um, again,
I already covered this node. Um, again,
I already covered this node. Um, again, yeah, we're filtering for now minus two
yeah, we're filtering for now minus two
yeah, we're filtering for now minus two weeks ago.
weeks ago.
weeks ago. And oh, this is another error handle. So
And oh, this is another error handle. So
And oh, this is another error handle. So sometimes,
sometimes,
sometimes, you know, you'll sometimes you'll put a
you know, you'll sometimes you'll put a
you know, you'll sometimes you'll put a competitor in the list, but they haven't
competitor in the list, but they haven't
competitor in the list, but they haven't posted anything in the past two weeks.
posted anything in the past two weeks.
posted anything in the past two weeks. And so this filter will come back empty,
And so this filter will come back empty,
And so this filter will come back empty, right? And that would break the
right? And that would break the
right? And that would break the workflow. But we have this if node in
workflow. But we have this if node in
workflow. But we have this if node in here to basically say
here to basically say
here to basically say it's basically checking if it's empty,
it's basically checking if it's empty,
it's basically checking if it's empty, right? If if they haven't posted
right? If if they haven't posted
right? If if they haven't posted anything in the past two weeks, then
anything in the past two weeks, then
anything in the past two weeks, then we're just going to skip over them and
we're just going to skip over them and
we're just going to skip over them and we're just going to move on to the next
we're just going to move on to the next
we're just going to move on to the next person. That's all that this is doing,
person. That's all that this is doing,
person. That's all that this is doing, right?
right?
right? Cool. And that's just like this right
Cool. And that's just like this right
Cool. And that's just like this right here. Again, we're sorting by video play
here. Again, we're sorting by video play
here. Again, we're sorting by video play count descending so we can sort by
count descending so we can sort by
count descending so we can sort by views, highest to lowest. And then we
views, highest to lowest. And then we
views, highest to lowest. And then we only want the top five highest viewed
only want the top five highest viewed
only want the top five highest viewed videos in the past two weeks from each
videos in the past two weeks from each
videos in the past two weeks from each of our competitors.
of our competitors.
of our competitors. And then
And then
And then um in this node
um in this node
um in this node again, same Gemini
again, same Gemini
again, same Gemini node, right? Uh yeah, I already showed
node, right? Uh yeah, I already showed
node, right? Uh yeah, I already showed this prompt. I'll go over it again
this prompt. I'll go over it again
this prompt. I'll go over it again maybe.
maybe.
maybe. Okay, let me scroll slowly through it.
Cool. There you go.
Cool. There you go. So, same prompt there, same everything
So, same prompt there, same everything
So, same prompt there, same everything there. It's like the exact same node as
there. It's like the exact same node as
there. It's like the exact same node as this one. And then again, we have the
this one. And then again, we have the
this one. And then again, we have the hook analyzer again. Same exact node
hook analyzer again. Same exact node
hook analyzer again. Same exact node pretty much. Yeah, same exact node as
pretty much. Yeah, same exact node as
pretty much. Yeah, same exact node as the one on top. Here is the prompt. I
the one on top. Here is the prompt. I
the one on top. Here is the prompt. I will scroll through it slowly again.
And then um
And then um same thing here. We're just adding the
same thing here. We're just adding the
same thing here. We're just adding the row. We're just adding them to the
row. We're just adding them to the
row. We're just adding them to the sheet.
Yeah, just like that.
Yeah, just like that. And as you can see, they're getting
And as you can see, they're getting
And as you can see, they're getting added in. And as you can see, the
added in. And as you can see, the
added in. And as you can see, the transcription is pretty reliable. You
transcription is pretty reliable. You
transcription is pretty reliable. You know, it only failed on only failed on
know, it only failed on only failed on
know, it only failed on only failed on one.
one.
one. Um,
Um,
Um, cool.
cool.
cool. So, it's gone over the third person. It
So, it's gone over the third person. It
So, it's gone over the third person. It has two more to go. While we're waiting
has two more to go. While we're waiting
has two more to go. While we're waiting for this, um,
for this, um,
for this, um, you might be wondering like, okay, how
you might be wondering like, okay, how
you might be wondering like, okay, how do I copy the Google Sheet template for
do I copy the Google Sheet template for
do I copy the Google Sheet template for free, right? Well,
free, right? Well,
free, right? Well, well, actually,
if you're smart, you could probably get
if you're smart, you could probably get it from this video, but uh
it from this video, but uh
it from this video, but uh no, because this is private. Okay, good.
no, because this is private. Okay, good.
no, because this is private. Okay, good. [laughter] So, you can't get it from
[laughter] So, you can't get it from
[laughter] So, you can't get it from this video. Yeah, I was afraid I exposed
this video. Yeah, I was afraid I exposed
this video. Yeah, I was afraid I exposed the link, but this is private. So, even
the link, but this is private. So, even
the link, but this is private. So, even if you go try and access this link,
if you go try and access this link,
if you go try and access this link, it'll be Yeah, you'll need to sign in.
it'll be Yeah, you'll need to sign in.
it'll be Yeah, you'll need to sign in. It'll be private.
But here's how you copy the Google sheet
But here's how you copy the Google sheet template. Okay, if you want to do it for
template. Okay, if you want to do it for
template. Okay, if you want to do it for free, look, you literally just need to
free, look, you literally just need to
free, look, you literally just need to make a Google sheet like this. Okay,
make a Google sheet like this. Okay,
make a Google sheet like this. Okay, just copy the format here. You need
just copy the format here. You need
just copy the format here. You need the thumbnail, URL, username,
the thumbnail, URL, username,
the thumbnail, URL, username, transcript, hook, analysis, caption,
transcript, hook, analysis, caption,
transcript, hook, analysis, caption, views, likes, comments, posted. It'll
views, likes, comments, posted. It'll
views, likes, comments, posted. It'll take like two seconds, right? You just
take like two seconds, right? You just
take like two seconds, right? You just need to copy the format of these sheets
need to copy the format of these sheets
need to copy the format of these sheets with all three sheets and then, you
with all three sheets and then, you
with all three sheets and then, you know, you can then link them. You'll
know, you can then link them. You'll
know, you can then link them. You'll need to, you know, select the right
need to, you know, select the right
need to, you know, select the right sheet and link or you, you know, select
sheet and link or you, you know, select
sheet and link or you, you know, select the correct document and link the right
the correct document and link the right
the correct document and link the right sheet.
sheet.
sheet. All right, it's on the fourth person
All right, it's on the fourth person
All right, it's on the fourth person now. So, I'm just going to pause and
now. So, I'm just going to pause and
now. So, I'm just going to pause and then come back when it's done.
then come back when it's done.
then come back when it's done. Okay. Oh, sorry. Nope. Just got done
Okay. Oh, sorry. Nope. Just got done
Okay. Oh, sorry. Nope. Just got done with the fourth person. So, we still got
with the fourth person. So, we still got
with the fourth person. So, we still got to wait. It's going to do that fifth
to wait. It's going to do that fifth
to wait. It's going to do that fifth person now.
person now.
person now. Okay. All right. So, it just got done
Okay. All right. So, it just got done
Okay. All right. So, it just got done putting in all the data for all five
putting in all the data for all five
putting in all the data for all five competitors. And as you can see, it did
competitors. And as you can see, it did
competitors. And as you can see, it did a splendid job. Okay. And now we what we
a splendid job. Okay. And now we what we
a splendid job. Okay. And now we what we can do is we can actually sort these by
can do is we can actually sort these by
can do is we can actually sort these by views. So, if we want to see highest to
views. So, if we want to see highest to
views. So, if we want to see highest to lowest views, we can see that. We can
lowest views, we can see that. We can
lowest views, we can see that. We can also sort by comments, which I like to
also sort by comments, which I like to
also sort by comments, which I like to see. If we want to see highest comments
see. If we want to see highest comments
see. If we want to see highest comments to lowest comments, we can see kind of,
to lowest comments, we can see kind of,
to lowest comments, we can see kind of, you know, the that's more focused on
you know, the that's more focused on
you know, the that's more focused on like conversion, right? But, uh, cool.
like conversion, right? But, uh, cool.
like conversion, right? But, uh, cool. So, yeah, we'll just do uh, you know, we
So, yeah, we'll just do uh, you know, we
So, yeah, we'll just do uh, you know, we can sort by views. Look, we can look at
can sort by views. Look, we can look at
can sort by views. Look, we can look at highest viewed to lowest viewed in our
highest viewed to lowest viewed in our
highest viewed to lowest viewed in our competitor data set.
competitor data set.
competitor data set. Very nice. Okay. And now what it's
Very nice. Okay. And now what it's
Very nice. Okay. And now what it's doing is
doing is
doing is it's sorting views again because our
it's sorting views again because our
it's sorting views again because our competitors went in, you know, one at a
competitors went in, you know, one at a
competitors went in, you know, one at a time. Basically, one at a time. So, we
time. Basically, one at a time. So, we
time. Basically, one at a time. So, we need to resort them. That's basically
need to resort them. That's basically
need to resort them. That's basically doing what I just did here, right? It
doing what I just did here, right? It
doing what I just did here, right? It sorting views highest to lowest. It's
sorting views highest to lowest. It's
sorting views highest to lowest. It's just doing that automated, right? Simple
just doing that automated, right? Simple
just doing that automated, right? Simple views descending.
views descending.
views descending. And then we're setting the data here.
And then we're setting the data here.
And then we're setting the data here. We're setting the data into strings that
We're setting the data into strings that
We're setting the data into strings that we can easily map into our content
we can easily map into our content
we can easily map into our content strategist agent. So basically just all
strategist agent. So basically just all
strategist agent. So basically just all of our competitor reals data, we're just
of our competitor reals data, we're just
of our competitor reals data, we're just making that into a string that we can
making that into a string that we can
making that into a string that we can then feed into our agent. And same thing
then feed into our agent. And same thing
then feed into our agent. And same thing with our reals data. We're just taking
with our reals data. We're just taking
with our reals data. We're just taking every single like literally all of the
every single like literally all of the
every single like literally all of the data in the sheet and then just um
data in the sheet and then just um
data in the sheet and then just um turning it into a string. And it's in
turning it into a string. And it's in
turning it into a string. And it's in JSON format. So, it's parsible like it's
JSON format. So, it's parsible like it's
JSON format. So, it's parsible like it's readable for the it's all organized,
readable for the it's all organized,
readable for the it's all organized, right? It's organized into text that is
right? It's organized into text that is
right? It's organized into text that is good for an LLM to be able to organize
good for an LLM to be able to organize
good for an LLM to be able to organize and see and read through.
and see and read through.
and see and read through. So,
now it's thinking for a really long time
now it's thinking for a really long time because this is our strategist guy.
because this is our strategist guy.
because this is our strategist guy. We're using we're using Claude Sonnet
We're using we're using Claude Sonnet
We're using we're using Claude Sonnet 4.5 to do this step.
4.5 to do this step.
4.5 to do this step. And um
And um
And um here's the prompt here. We're basically
here's the prompt here. We're basically
here's the prompt here. We're basically telling it, okay, here's our username.
telling it, okay, here's our username.
telling it, okay, here's our username. Here's my reels. We're feeding in the
Here's my reels. We're feeding in the
Here's my reels. We're feeding in the entire data set for my reels. And then
entire data set for my reels. And then
entire data set for my reels. And then we're feeding in the entire data set for
we're feeding in the entire data set for
we're feeding in the entire data set for competitor reels. Again, we're using XML
competitor reels. Again, we're using XML
competitor reels. Again, we're using XML format because Claude likes its prompts
format because Claude likes its prompts
format because Claude likes its prompts in XML format.
in XML format.
in XML format. And yeah, it's basically just going to
And yeah, it's basically just going to
And yeah, it's basically just going to go over the all of the data. And then
go over the all of the data. And then
go over the all of the data. And then here's what we're saying. We're saying
here's what we're saying. We're saying
here's what we're saying. We're saying you're an expert Instagram content
you're an expert Instagram content
you're an expert Instagram content strategist. Um, step one, select the top
strategist. Um, step one, select the top
strategist. Um, step one, select the top five competitor videos. Take the first
five competitor videos. Take the first
five competitor videos. Take the first five reels. They're already sorted by
five reels. They're already sorted by
five reels. They're already sorted by views. Extract the data. Analyze each
views. Extract the data. Analyze each
views. Extract the data. Analyze each top five video. For each of them, you
top five video. For each of them, you
top five video. For each of them, you want to figure out what's the hook, URL,
want to figure out what's the hook, URL,
want to figure out what's the hook, URL, views, post date, username. You want to
views, post date, username. You want to
views, post date, username. You want to figure out the psychological trigger at
figure out the psychological trigger at
figure out the psychological trigger at play, the execution mechanics, what most
play, the execution mechanics, what most
play, the execution mechanics, what most people would miss about why this worked.
people would miss about why this worked.
people would miss about why this worked. Then we want to identify winning
Then we want to identify winning
Then we want to identify winning patterns. So we want to identify we want
patterns. So we want to identify we want
patterns. So we want to identify we want to analyze both of the data sets
to analyze both of the data sets
to analyze both of the data sets together. We want to look at all the
together. We want to look at all the
together. We want to look at all the patterns across all the competitor reels
patterns across all the competitor reels
patterns across all the competitor reels and we want to cross reference that with
and we want to cross reference that with
and we want to cross reference that with um top performing we want to cross
um top performing we want to cross
um top performing we want to cross reference that with our top performing
reference that with our top performing
reference that with our top performing content, right?
content, right?
content, right? And then we want to find patterns that
And then we want to find patterns that
And then we want to find patterns that work in the market and fit our style and
work in the market and fit our style and
work in the market and fit our style and our audience, right? And again this is
our audience, right? And again this is
our audience, right? And again this is variable, right? So whatever username
variable, right? So whatever username
variable, right? So whatever username you put in, it will put that into the
you put in, it will put that into the
you put in, it will put that into the prompt. Right? For each of those
prompt. Right? For each of those
prompt. Right? For each of those patterns, we want the framework, we want
patterns, we want the framework, we want
patterns, we want the framework, we want the underlying psychology, when it
the underlying psychology, when it
the underlying psychology, when it doesn't work, why it would work for us
doesn't work, why it would work for us
doesn't work, why it would work for us specifically, and we want to create 10
specifically, and we want to create 10
specifically, and we want to create 10 hook ideas. We want to blend insights
hook ideas. We want to blend insights
hook ideas. We want to blend insights from both of the data sets. We want to
from both of the data sets. We want to
from both of the data sets. We want to use competitor frameworks like what's
use competitor frameworks like what's
use competitor frameworks like what's working in the market. We want to adapt
working in the market. We want to adapt
working in the market. We want to adapt it to Jason's authentic voice and style.
it to Jason's authentic voice and style.
it to Jason's authentic voice and style. Each hook needs an explanation of why it
Each hook needs an explanation of why it
Each hook needs an explanation of why it works. And then finally, step five, we
works. And then finally, step five, we
works. And then finally, step five, we want to do a key takeaway. So we want to
want to do a key takeaway. So we want to
want to do a key takeaway. So we want to synthesize in insights from both data
synthesize in insights from both data
synthesize in insights from both data sets. And we want the single most
sets. And we want the single most
sets. And we want the single most important strategic insight like what
important strategic insight like what
important strategic insight like what are the competitors doing successfully?
are the competitors doing successfully?
are the competitors doing successfully? What's working for us and our audience?
What's working for us and our audience?
What's working for us and our audience? What's the gap between them, the
What's the gap between them, the
What's the gap between them, the opportunity? And then we have some more
opportunity? And then we have some more
opportunity? And then we have some more instructions about like look, you're
instructions about like look, you're
instructions about like look, you're creative, you're charismatic, you need
creative, you're charismatic, you need
creative, you're charismatic, you need to think outside the box. Weak insights
to think outside the box. Weak insights
to think outside the box. Weak insights equal wasted money. find the hidden
equal wasted money. find the hidden
equal wasted money. find the hidden patterns and psychological mechanisms
patterns and psychological mechanisms
patterns and psychological mechanisms that explain why content goes viral.
that explain why content goes viral.
that explain why content goes viral. And then we have some more instructions
And then we have some more instructions
And then we have some more instructions about the required depth. And then we
about the required depth. And then we
about the required depth. And then we just have
just have
just have we specify the [sighs] JSON format
we specify the [sighs] JSON format
we specify the [sighs] JSON format that we want back. So we want we need a
that we want back. So we want we need a
that we want back. So we want we need a structured JSON output from this step so
structured JSON output from this step so
structured JSON output from this step so that we can later map that into the
that we can later map that into the
that we can later map that into the report that we're going to get. Critical
report that we're going to get. Critical
report that we're going to get. Critical JSON requirements. This is just output
JSON requirements. This is just output
JSON requirements. This is just output formatting.
formatting.
formatting. It's just output formatting here. And
It's just output formatting here. And
It's just output formatting here. And then we have a writing checklist. Cool.
then we have a writing checklist. Cool.
then we have a writing checklist. Cool. And then for here, one key thing here is
And then for here, one key thing here is
And then for here, one key thing here is obviously you want to select the model
obviously you want to select the model
obviously you want to select the model cloud sonic 4.5, but you also want to
cloud sonic 4.5, but you also want to
cloud sonic 4.5, but you also want to make sure you add an option for response
make sure you add an option for response
make sure you add an option for response format. And that's got to be JSON,
format. And that's got to be JSON,
format. And that's got to be JSON, right? That way we get
right? That way we get
right? That way we get a that way we get an output like this
a that way we get an output like this
a that way we get an output like this where it's a structured output instead
where it's a structured output instead
where it's a structured output instead of just giving us a text otherwise it's
of just giving us a text otherwise it's
of just giving us a text otherwise it's just going to respond in plain text
just going to respond in plain text
just going to respond in plain text right which we can't we can't create a
right which we can't we can't create a
right which we can't we can't create a report out of that. So boom it did that.
report out of that. So boom it did that.
report out of that. So boom it did that. this code node step is oh gosh
this code node step is oh gosh
this code node step is oh gosh yeah I don't know how you're going
yeah I don't know how you're going
yeah I don't know how you're going to be able to copy this for free I mean
to be able to copy this for free I mean
to be able to copy this for free I mean I'll go over it it's just going to be
I'll go over it it's just going to be
I'll go over it it's just going to be painstakingly m like
painstakingly m like
painstakingly m like anyways this code node basically just
anyways this code node basically just
anyways this code node basically just converts it into a
This code node is basically just
This code node is basically just converting our clawed response, our AI
converting our clawed response, our AI
converting our clawed response, our AI response into a nicely formatted HTML
response into a nicely formatted HTML
response into a nicely formatted HTML document
document
document that we can then send as an email. And
that we can then send as an email. And
that we can then send as an email. And this is all the code for that.
Boom. Okay.
Boom. Okay. [sighs] All right.
[sighs] All right.
[sighs] All right. So, that's what it's doing there. It's
So, that's what it's doing there. It's
So, that's what it's doing there. It's basically just formatting a nicely
basically just formatting a nicely
basically just formatting a nicely formatted HTML email. And then finally,
formatted HTML email. And then finally,
formatted HTML email. And then finally, we are sending off that report. Now, I
we are sending off that report. Now, I
we are sending off that report. Now, I have it set to send it to me. But if
have it set to send it to me. But if
have it set to send it to me. But if you're running this for a client, then
you're running this for a client, then
you're running this for a client, then all you'd need to do is just, you know,
all you'd need to do is just, you know,
all you'd need to do is just, you know, change the username and change the email
change the username and change the email
change the username and change the email to the client's email. And then you'd
to the client's email. And then you'd
to the client's email. And then you'd obviously need to duplicate another
obviously need to duplicate another
obviously need to duplicate another sheet for them, right? And then relink
sheet for them, right? And then relink
sheet for them, right? And then relink it to their sheet, right? But once this
it to their sheet, right? But once this
it to their sheet, right? But once this is set up, it runs every Sunday. You
is set up, it runs every Sunday. You
is set up, it runs every Sunday. You don't need to do anything, right? Like
don't need to do anything, right? Like
don't need to do anything, right? Like it'll run every Sunday on autopilot. And
it'll run every Sunday on autopilot. And
it'll run every Sunday on autopilot. And you'll basically have like if you're a
you'll basically have like if you're a
you'll basically have like if you're a content agency, you'll basically have
content agency, you'll basically have
content agency, you'll basically have like automated fulfillment, right? Not
like automated fulfillment, right? Not
like automated fulfillment, right? Not completely, but you'll have automated
completely, but you'll have automated
completely, but you'll have automated content research and reports for your
content research and reports for your
content research and reports for your clients.
clients.
clients. Pretty dope. And it only costs you 90
Pretty dope. And it only costs you 90
Pretty dope. And it only costs you 90 cents per run. So, let's take a look at
cents per run. So, let's take a look at
cents per run. So, let's take a look at what that hopefully I showed everything
what that hopefully I showed everything
what that hopefully I showed everything here. Yeah,
here. Yeah,
here. Yeah, let's take a look at that email report
let's take a look at that email report
let's take a look at that email report that we got. Boom.
that we got. Boom.
that we got. Boom. Instagram research report. We have top
Instagram research report. We have top
Instagram research report. We have top competitor videos. First one is by Mino.
competitor videos. First one is by Mino.
competitor videos. First one is by Mino. surprising my girlfriend. Then we have,
surprising my girlfriend. Then we have,
surprising my girlfriend. Then we have, did you know you can change the angle by
did you know you can change the angle by
did you know you can change the angle by Roar Keith?
Roar Keith?
Roar Keith? Then we have Most people don't realize
Then we have Most people don't realize
Then we have Most people don't realize there's one thing you got to do if you
there's one thing you got to do if you
there's one thing you got to do if you want to survive on social media.
want to survive on social media.
want to survive on social media. Nice from RPN. Very, very cool. Then we
Nice from RPN. Very, very cool. Then we
Nice from RPN. Very, very cool. Then we have How to Edit Your Photo Angles again
have How to Edit Your Photo Angles again
have How to Edit Your Photo Angles again by Roar Keith.
Oh, that was actually the same.
Oh, that was actually the same. Wait.
Wait.
Wait. Ah, okay. It had a little trouble on
Ah, okay. It had a little trouble on
Ah, okay. It had a little trouble on this one because uh the transcription
this one because uh the transcription
this one because uh the transcription failed on this one.
So, it didn't uh know what to do there.
So, it didn't uh know what to do there. But, normally that won't be a problem.
But, normally that won't be a problem.
But, normally that won't be a problem. Um,
Um,
Um, how much money I made as a creator each
how much money I made as a creator each
how much money I made as a creator each year. Nice.
year. Nice.
year. Nice. 6.7K. 1.5K like or 253. Let's check and
6.7K. 1.5K like or 253. Let's check and
6.7K. 1.5K like or 253. Let's check and make sure the view count is accurate.
Yep. Nice.
Yep. Nice. Sweet.
Sweet.
Sweet. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it did a good job. But the only
Yeah, it did a good job. But the only
Yeah, it did a good job. But the only one it kind of messed up on here was uh
one it kind of messed up on here was uh
one it kind of messed up on here was uh here. That's just because the
here. That's just because the
here. That's just because the transcription failed. But it really like
transcription failed. But it really like
transcription failed. But it really like most of the time you it won't work. That
most of the time you it won't work. That
most of the time you it won't work. That won't happen. And like I said like to
won't happen. And like I said like to
won't happen. And like I said like to fix the way to fix that issue is so
fix the way to fix that issue is so
fix the way to fix that issue is so complicated that's really not worth the
complicated that's really not worth the
complicated that's really not worth the effort, right? You're getting like
effort, right? You're getting like
effort, right? You're getting like 90% of the results that you need. Any
90% of the results that you need. Any
90% of the results that you need. Any extra on top is really not going to make
extra on top is really not going to make
extra on top is really not going to make a difference, right? So cool.
a difference, right? So cool.
a difference, right? So cool. Impossible made trivial pattern. So it
Impossible made trivial pattern. So it
Impossible made trivial pattern. So it has winning patterns for my competitors
has winning patterns for my competitors
has winning patterns for my competitors earned vulnerability story arc.
earned vulnerability story arc.
earned vulnerability story arc. This pattern structure's content is a
This pattern structure's content is a
This pattern structure's content is a personal journey where the creator
personal journey where the creator
personal journey where the creator shares both struggles and wins. But
shares both struggles and wins. But
shares both struggles and wins. But crucially the vulnerability comes after
crucially the vulnerability comes after
crucially the vulnerability comes after establishing credibility through
establishing credibility through
establishing credibility through results. I think this is probably
results. I think this is probably
results. I think this is probably Mino's. Yeah. Mino Lee's $20 to 575K
Mino's. Yeah. Mino Lee's $20 to 575K
Mino's. Yeah. Mino Lee's $20 to 575K progression works because the struggle
progression works because the struggle
progression works because the struggle is so relatable. It disarms skepticism.
is so relatable. It disarms skepticism.
is so relatable. It disarms skepticism. The growth trajectory proves the method
The growth trajectory proves the method
The growth trajectory proves the method works at scale. Right. For Jason
works at scale. Right. For Jason
works at scale. Right. For Jason Cooperson, this is untapped gold. his
Cooperson, this is untapped gold. his
Cooperson, this is untapped gold. his journey from college essays with chat
journey from college essays with chat
journey from college essays with chat GBT to running 50K plus automation
GBT to running 50K plus automation
GBT to running 50K plus automation business. Wow, that is scary accurate.
business. Wow, that is scary accurate.
business. Wow, that is scary accurate. I don't even know how it got this and
I don't even know how it got this and
I don't even know how it got this and probably because I talked about it in
probably because I talked about it in
probably because I talked about it in one of my reels. Wow. His vulnerability
one of my reels. Wow. His vulnerability
one of my reels. Wow. His vulnerability talks about feeling lonely at 160k
talks about feeling lonely at 160k
talks about feeling lonely at 160k followers shows he has raw material. It
followers shows he has raw material. It
followers shows he has raw material. It just needs to be woven into a
just needs to be woven into a
just needs to be woven into a progression story.
progression story.
progression story. Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow.
Wow. Okay. Um, cool.
Okay. Um, cool.
Okay. Um, cool. Meta proof demonstration. This advanced
Meta proof demonstration. This advanced
Meta proof demonstration. This advanced pattern uses the content itself as proof
pattern uses the content itself as proof
pattern uses the content itself as proof of the thesis. Self-referential. Yeah,
of the thesis. Self-referential. Yeah,
of the thesis. Self-referential. Yeah, this is a common theme with like
this is a common theme with like
this is a common theme with like content, you know, marketing creators
content, you know, marketing creators
content, you know, marketing creators like artist story. The human narrative
like artist story. The human narrative
like artist story. The human narrative matters through beautifully shot human
matters through beautifully shot human
matters through beautifully shot human story. Oh, the RPN cabin video
story. Oh, the RPN cabin video
story. Oh, the RPN cabin video demonstrating the human narrative
demonstrating the human narrative
demonstrating the human narrative matters.
or the fake artist story that
or the fake artist story that manipulates emotion to prove stories
manipulates emotion to prove stories
manipulates emotion to prove stories matter more than art.
matter more than art.
matter more than art. Show don't tell.
Cool. I replace my entire Okay. And
Cool. I replace my entire Okay. And these are the hook ideas that it is
these are the hook ideas that it is
these are the hook ideas that it is saying would work for my account. I
saying would work for my account. I
saying would work for my account. I replaced my entire content team with
replaced my entire content team with
replaced my entire content team with three automations that run while I
three automations that run while I
three automations that run while I sleep. And they're cons they're more
sleep. And they're cons they're more
sleep. And they're cons they're more consistent than I ever was. Nice. Most
consistent than I ever was. Nice. Most
consistent than I ever was. Nice. Most automation tutorials lie to you. Here's
automation tutorials lie to you. Here's
automation tutorials lie to you. Here's what they don't show. So, the six hours
what they don't show. So, the six hours
what they don't show. So, the six hours of errors before the 20-minute result,
of errors before the 20-minute result,
of errors before the 20-minute result, right? Earned vulnerability pattern.
right? Earned vulnerability pattern.
right? Earned vulnerability pattern. It's using that earned vulnerability
It's using that earned vulnerability
It's using that earned vulnerability pattern to disrupt oversimplified
pattern to disrupt oversimplified
pattern to disrupt oversimplified automation content flooding the market.
automation content flooding the market.
automation content flooding the market. Nice. Positioning me as the trutht
Nice. Positioning me as the trutht
Nice. Positioning me as the trutht teller who respects viewers
teller who respects viewers
teller who respects viewers intelligence.
intelligence.
intelligence. Nice. Acknowledging the messy reality
Nice. Acknowledging the messy reality
Nice. Acknowledging the messy reality upfront.
upfront.
upfront. I let my 13-year-old cousin use my 3K
I let my 13-year-old cousin use my 3K
I let my 13-year-old cousin use my 3K automation. He built a client onboarding
automation. He built a client onboarding
automation. He built a client onboarding system. That's cool. Okay. Kind of
system. That's cool. Okay. Kind of
system. That's cool. Okay. Kind of interesting hook there. That's cool.
interesting hook there. That's cool.
interesting hook there. That's cool. This weaponizes the if a 13-year-old can
This weaponizes the if a 13-year-old can
This weaponizes the if a 13-year-old can do it. Okay, cool. Instagram algorithm
do it. Okay, cool. Instagram algorithm
do it. Okay, cool. Instagram algorithm changed. Here's what 3 billion views
changed. Here's what 3 billion views
changed. Here's what 3 billion views taught me about the new rules everyone's
taught me about the new rules everyone's
taught me about the new rules everyone's getting wrong. I analyzed 100 reels in
getting wrong. I analyzed 100 reels in
getting wrong. I analyzed 100 reels in the blank space. The top performers this
the blank space. The top performers this
the blank space. The top performers this adapts his fitness and niche analysis
adapts his fitness and niche analysis
adapts his fitness and niche analysis video to structure any vertical. Yeah,
video to structure any vertical. Yeah,
video to structure any vertical. Yeah, that's very accurate. I was planning on
that's very accurate. I was planning on
that's very accurate. I was planning on doing that anyways. data driven pattern
doing that anyways. data driven pattern
doing that anyways. data driven pattern find positioning me as the data driven
find positioning me as the data driven
find positioning me as the data driven pattern finder who does the research so
pattern finder who does the research so
pattern finder who does the research so viewers don't have to
viewers don't have to
viewers don't have to nice
nice
nice analyzed 100 reels in the niche space
analyzed 100 reels in the niche space
analyzed 100 reels in the niche space the top performers all use this one
the top performers all use this one
the top performers all use this one pattern yeah great your content isn't
pattern yeah great your content isn't
pattern yeah great your content isn't bad your distribution system is here's a
bad your distribution system is here's a
bad your distribution system is here's a seven platform auto poster that 7x my
seven platform auto poster that 7x my
seven platform auto poster that 7x my output overnight nice I built an AI that
output overnight nice I built an AI that
output overnight nice I built an AI that stalks my competitors and writes my
stalks my competitors and writes my
stalks my competitors and writes my content strategy every Sunday I haven't
content strategy every Sunday I haven't
content strategy every Sunday I haven't manually researched in four months.
manually researched in four months.
manually researched in four months. Nice. Everyone's talking about chatbt
Nice. Everyone's talking about chatbt
Nice. Everyone's talking about chatbt for content. I'm using it to run my
for content. I'm using it to run my
for content. I'm using it to run my business operations.
business operations.
business operations. Nice.
All right. And this one positions me as
All right. And this one positions me as operating at a more sophisticated level
operating at a more sophisticated level
operating at a more sophisticated level than the content creator masses who just
than the content creator masses who just
than the content creator masses who just use AI for captions and thumbnails.
use AI for captions and thumbnails.
use AI for captions and thumbnails. Very cool.
Very cool.
Very cool. I spent $3,000. I tested every AI video
I spent $3,000. I tested every AI video
I spent $3,000. I tested every AI video tool this month. Here's the only three
tool this month. Here's the only three
tool this month. Here's the only three that are worth your time. And yeah, I
that are worth your time. And yeah, I
that are worth your time. And yeah, I would probably cut this, but these this
would probably cut this, but these this
would probably cut this, but these this is good hook. Creator who's beating me
is good hook. Creator who's beating me
is good hook. Creator who's beating me on views doesn't have better ideas. They
on views doesn't have better ideas. They
on views doesn't have better ideas. They have a better system. I stole it. Here's
have a better system. I stole it. Here's
have a better system. I stole it. Here's how it works. Yo, that's dope. I like
how it works. Yo, that's dope. I like
how it works. Yo, that's dope. I like that. These are all like such good
that. These are all like such good
that. These are all like such good ideas, right? And like I said, this is
ideas, right? And like I said, this is
ideas, right? And like I said, this is good for like insights, right? It's good
good for like insights, right? It's good
good for like insights, right? It's good for insights and it's good for
for insights and it's good for
for insights and it's good for crafting a better content strategy. This
crafting a better content strategy. This
crafting a better content strategy. This is not meant to replace your creativity,
is not meant to replace your creativity,
is not meant to replace your creativity, though. The only thing that this really
though. The only thing that this really
though. The only thing that this really replaces is content research and
replaces is content research and
replaces is content research and strategy based on data and data. That's
strategy based on data and data. That's
strategy based on data and data. That's what it really is. It's replacing
what it really is. It's replacing
what it really is. It's replacing content research, right? Manually going
content research, right? Manually going
content research, right? Manually going out and researching and transcribing
out and researching and transcribing
out and researching and transcribing reels and it's replacing data analysis,
reels and it's replacing data analysis,
reels and it's replacing data analysis, right? We're replacing data analysis and
right? We're replacing data analysis and
right? We're replacing data analysis and content re and research because
content re and research because
content re and research because those are low-level tasks that are just
those are low-level tasks that are just
those are low-level tasks that are just pretty straightforward, right?
pretty straightforward, right?
pretty straightforward, right? Now that we're getting the analysis and
Now that we're getting the analysis and
Now that we're getting the analysis and now that we're getting the insights,
now that we're getting the insights,
now that we're getting the insights, what we have to do here is use our own
what we have to do here is use our own
what we have to do here is use our own creativeness to take these insights and
creativeness to take these insights and
creativeness to take these insights and turn it into viral content. Right?
turn it into viral content. Right?
turn it into viral content. Right? Um, key takeaway. The strategic gap
Um, key takeaway. The strategic gap
Um, key takeaway. The strategic gap between Jason's content and top
between Jason's content and top
between Jason's content and top performer is distribution of
performer is distribution of
performer is distribution of vulnerability and narrative structure.
vulnerability and narrative structure.
vulnerability and narrative structure. Competitors like Mino weave personal
Competitors like Mino weave personal
Competitors like Mino weave personal journey and struggle into nearly every
journey and struggle into nearly every
journey and struggle into nearly every video. Creating parasocial connection
video. Creating parasocial connection
video. Creating parasocial connection makes technical content feel like
makes technical content feel like
makes technical content feel like following a friend's success story
following a friend's success story
following a friend's success story rather than consuming tutorials from an
rather than consuming tutorials from an
rather than consuming tutorials from an expert. Ooh, that's great. That's great.
expert. Ooh, that's great. That's great.
expert. Ooh, that's great. That's great. Jason Cooperson has the raw material,
Jason Cooperson has the raw material,
Jason Cooperson has the raw material, his JBT College essays, origin 160k
his JBT College essays, origin 160k
his JBT College essays, origin 160k monthlong breaks, revenue transparency,
monthlong breaks, revenue transparency,
monthlong breaks, revenue transparency, but it exists in isolated vulnerability
but it exists in isolated vulnerability
but it exists in isolated vulnerability post rather than being woven into his
post rather than being woven into his
post rather than being woven into his automation tutorials as proof that
automation tutorials as proof that
automation tutorials as proof that systems exist to solve creator burnout
systems exist to solve creator burnout
systems exist to solve creator burnout and overwhelm.
and overwhelm.
and overwhelm. Nice. Highest ROI shift is treating
Nice. Highest ROI shift is treating
Nice. Highest ROI shift is treating every automation tutorial not as a
every automation tutorial not as a
every automation tutorial not as a feature demo but a chapter in the larger
feature demo but a chapter in the larger
feature demo but a chapter in the larger like story.
like story.
like story. Cool. Now you'll get a different report
Cool. Now you'll get a different report
Cool. Now you'll get a different report based on your competitor list. So if you
based on your competitor list. So if you
based on your competitor list. So if you like you'll get a completely different
like you'll get a completely different
like you'll get a completely different report based on the list of people that
report based on the list of people that
report based on the list of people that you're putting in here, right? because
you're putting in here, right? because
you're putting in here, right? because it heavily bases the report based on top
it heavily bases the report based on top
it heavily bases the report based on top performing content in this competitor
performing content in this competitor
performing content in this competitor data set. So, if I was to include
data set. So, if I was to include
data set. So, if I was to include another person in the report like this
another person in the report like this
another person in the report like this guy, Junior, who's also great,
guy, Junior, who's also great,
guy, Junior, who's also great, um it would have some very different
um it would have some very different
um it would have some very different ideas for me because a lot of his like
ideas for me because a lot of his like
ideas for me because a lot of his like he if I included him in the list, then
he if I included him in the list, then
he if I included him in the list, then his reels would dominate a lot of
his reels would dominate a lot of
his reels would dominate a lot of the top performers and therefore it
the top performers and therefore it
the top performers and therefore it would base our strategy more on that,
would base our strategy more on that,
would base our strategy more on that, All right. So, yeah.
All right. So, yeah.
All right. So, yeah. Um,
Um,
Um, okay. All right. Cool. So, yeah, that is
okay. All right. Cool. So, yeah, that is
okay. All right. Cool. So, yeah, that is the entire automation from start to
the entire automation from start to
the entire automation from start to finish exactly how it works. And again,
finish exactly how it works. And again,
finish exactly how it works. And again, guys, if you would like to just copy
guys, if you would like to just copy
guys, if you would like to just copy this oneclick, copy and paste, I have it
this oneclick, copy and paste, I have it
this oneclick, copy and paste, I have it in my school community. You can go down
in my school community. You can go down
in my school community. You can go down in the description below and click that
in the description below and click that
in the description below and click that link to join my school community. Once
link to join my school community. Once
link to join my school community. Once you get in here, uh, we have a really
you get in here, uh, we have a really
you get in here, uh, we have a really dope community of a lot of cool
dope community of a lot of cool
dope community of a lot of cool creators, content creators who are doing
creators, content creators who are doing
creators, content creators who are doing crazy things. And I'm in there every
crazy things. And I'm in there every
crazy things. And I'm in there every day. We got group calls, group calls
day. We got group calls, group calls
day. We got group calls, group calls every day. Uh, or so, not every day, but
every day. Uh, or so, not every day, but
every day. Uh, or so, not every day, but twice a week, I hop on with the gang and
twice a week, I hop on with the gang and
twice a week, I hop on with the gang and we all vibe out. I help you guys, right,
we all vibe out. I help you guys, right,
we all vibe out. I help you guys, right, with uh content strategy and how to use
with uh content strategy and how to use
with uh content strategy and how to use AI, how to stay on top of it, how to not
AI, how to stay on top of it, how to not
AI, how to stay on top of it, how to not get left behind, how to go viral and,
get left behind, how to go viral and,
get left behind, how to go viral and, you know, convert more and make more
you know, convert more and make more
you know, convert more and make more money from your content with these
money from your content with these
money from your content with these advanced AI strategies so you can work
advanced AI strategies so you can work
advanced AI strategies so you can work faster, smarter, and actually how to how
faster, smarter, and actually how to how
faster, smarter, and actually how to how to use AI to enhance your creative
to use AI to enhance your creative
to use AI to enhance your creative abilities, right? And enhance your
abilities, right? And enhance your
abilities, right? And enhance your content strategy. That's what this group
content strategy. That's what this group
content strategy. That's what this group is all about. And like I said, if you,
is all about. And like I said, if you,
is all about. And like I said, if you, you know, if you want the template, it's
you know, if you want the template, it's
you know, if you want the template, it's right here in the school community. I
right here in the school community. I
right here in the school community. I have a full setup guide that shows you
have a full setup guide that shows you
have a full setup guide that shows you exactly step by step how to get it
exactly step by step how to get it
exactly step by step how to get it running. Uh, it's really easy peasy, not
running. Uh, it's really easy peasy, not
running. Uh, it's really easy peasy, not too crazy. And and like I said, the
too crazy. And and like I said, the
too crazy. And and like I said, the Google Sheets template is in here as
Google Sheets template is in here as
Google Sheets template is in here as well as the JSON file so that you can
well as the JSON file so that you can
well as the JSON file so that you can oneclick copy and paste this workflow.
oneclick copy and paste this workflow.
oneclick copy and paste this workflow. And that way you don't have to, you
And that way you don't have to, you
And that way you don't have to, you know, like I showed before, all you need
know, like I showed before, all you need
know, like I showed before, all you need to do is um click create workflow and
to do is um click create workflow and
to do is um click create workflow and import from file and then just import
import from file and then just import
import from file and then just import that template that I have in my school
that template that I have in my school
that template that I have in my school community and it will load in
community and it will load in
community and it will load in automatically.
cool. Yeah. And aside from that, there's
cool. Yeah. And aside from that, there's a ton of other sauce in here. I have an
a ton of other sauce in here. I have an
a ton of other sauce in here. I have an entire resource library full of like a
entire resource library full of like a
entire resource library full of like a ton of other automations, some other
ton of other automations, some other
ton of other automations, some other strategies, and then I have more content
strategies, and then I have more content
strategies, and then I have more content strategy stuff here, highle content
strategy stuff here, highle content
strategy stuff here, highle content strategy. We have some Slack
strategy. We have some Slack
strategy. We have some Slack automations, finance automations. We
automations, finance automations. We
automations, finance automations. We have NAN basics. So, even if you're a
have NAN basics. So, even if you're a
have NAN basics. So, even if you're a beginner to NADN, I got you covered. I
beginner to NADN, I got you covered. I
beginner to NADN, I got you covered. I have like very basic stuff to go over.
have like very basic stuff to go over.
have like very basic stuff to go over. Um, and yeah, that's pretty much it.
Um, and yeah, that's pretty much it.
Um, and yeah, that's pretty much it. Shameless self-plug.
So guys, I hope you enjoyed the video. I
So guys, I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you found this valuable. I will
hope you found this valuable. I will
hope you found this valuable. I will catch you guys in the next one. Peace
catch you guys in the next one. Peace
catch you guys in the next one. Peace out.